Personally, it is essential for students in university to get a part-time job but also focus on their study. Nowadays, the undergraduated students often get a part-time job as soon as freshmans. Because, it could help them not only pay money on their own daily but also get more experience. The amount of money they earn from their job could help them pay tuition and other expenses which they could live independently to their parents . Furthermore,  having a part-time job is a part of learning something news, getting out of your comfort zone and having more valuable experience from their job. Some students from last years often work at the company they want to work in the future to gain experience and also repair for their future work. However, there are some adverse effects of part-time job that can affect their mental and physical health. They may put lots of efforts on earning money rather than studying that can lead to bad marks and miss the class as they do not have enough energy and well-being for the class and also time to prepare for the lectures. And they may get out of university soon due to the large amount of money they get. Thus, students in college should balance between a part-time job and study as they could get more money after graduating.
Recently, there are more students who are studying in university choose to earn money form part-time career even though they have their own decision in future job. In my opinion, I totally disagree with this statement for the following two main reasons.
To begin with, having a part-time job during a college student could waste not only your time but also your mental health in university. Being a student, the more lesson to learn the more time to spend. For example, there are more tasks and presentations in class you have to do to improve your skills and your knowledge. According to BBC news, one medical student have to stayed in hospital for one week because her health problems when she did a part-time job in a restaurant.
Secondly, part-time job in university could change their future career. For more evidence, there are many college students who continue to keep working as their part-time job even they are graduated. I think having a job during a college student may change your thought about your faculty in university and your passionate of your own dream job.
In conclusion, there are many effects on your study in university if you have a part-time job in college.
"It has become quite common for college students to have a part-time job to either another one concentrate completely in their major. This essay will discuss about the positive and negative aspects that arise with this trend. 
On the one hand, it is crucial for college students to have a part-time job because you can earn money by yourself, improve skills such as communication, learning new things byself and your ability of time management. For instance, when you are in the age of peer pressure, having a job helps you to espouse your values, it such as your first successful things of your life. It also brings many additional benefits such as you can take care of yourself, save money before you get an official job. Moreover, you should have a part-time job if you want to be a patient one, cause you have to solve many service’s problems.
However, from my viewpoint, if you want to be talented in your major. You should spend almost of your time to study, explore the knowledge of your major at school (by read new researchs, review lesson after you finish the recent class and discuss with your friend about the way how to become professional). Additionally, you should not have a part time job when you are still in the college, it wastes your time. You can spend time with your families, do your hobbies and travel around the world. 
To conclude, I believe that while this trend does bring some benefits, overall they are definitely outweighed by the drawbacks. You should think about it carefully before you decide to have a part-time job when you still at school."
"In my opinion, I disagree with this statement. I am a college student and my major is dentistry. I spend my time almost at school and study. In my major, I think spending time for study to improve your knowledge for future is better than have a part time job. 
If I have a part time job, that will be mattress, online seller or working at coffee; this job is not related to my major and career in the future. Because now I don’t have enough knowledge to be a dental. Therefore, if I have a part time job, the only benefit is having money. But the drawback is I don’t have time to study and if worst, I won’t have job in the future. I think have part time job or not depend on which major you are studying at. If you can have a job that related to your major, so part time job is suitable for you. But if not, you should prefer on your studying than making money. 
Don’t just see the little benefit right now, you should have a plan for a long time for your future. If you have part time job now, you can have money. But you spend time for studying now, in the future you can make a lot of money than that. 
"
"Now day, ""it is important for college students to have a part-time job "". In my opinion, I agree for some reasons.
Firstly, college students have a part- time job such as: service, PT in gym center, teacher and so on. I think they choose a part-time job because it is convenience for balance between studying and working. It’s don’t take too much time, it’s about 2-3 hours a day for job and then they can spend all time for hanging out with friends or studying in coffee.
Secondly, the money they have from working, it’s helped their family economic. For examples: they study in school which has high prices so that parents have to borrow from bank or relatives. So, college student should have a part time job to reduce hard in their family and their life.
Thirdly, having a part time job is also necessary cause they can get not only experiences from working environment but also relationships. That’s great!
However, having a part time job also have bad things such as if you want to find a lot of money, you have to spend a lot of time, so you don’t have time for studying. Your mark is falling even you can fail in tests at school. It’s really bad. Sometimes, in your working environment maybe you can work with toxic peoples. It’s really hard for keep going with job and you don’t feel happy anymore.
Finally, I agree with “It is important for college students to have a part-time job”, but college student have to balance studying with working because studying is most important mission."
"Nowadays, some people suppose that it is significant for college students to have a part-time job. Personally, I totally agree with that opinion because of the following reasons.
First of all, I believe that part-time job is considered as a good opportunity for students to earn a living as well as pay their tuition fee. Some parents are rich and they could help their children with the tuition fee and a comfortable life when they are students, but some parents are not. Therefore, doing a part-time job not only help students get a better life when studying at college, but also help their parents decrease the finance burden.
Last but not least, doing a part-time job is also a good way for college students to practice what they have learned in the class. For instance, if a student majoring in Math teacher education, he could do a part-time job as Math tutor to apply teaching skills that he has learned, which improves his teaching and speaking skills as well as his major knowledge.
To sum up, I strongly believe that having a part-time job when being college students is necessary and should be encouraged because of the above-mentioned reasons related to paying tuition fee and having a good opportunity to improve their experience."
These days, college students tend to have a part-time job for many reasons. In my opinion, I agree that it is essential for them to work out beside school time. First of all, working in a part-time job can help them charge for their need at university life. In some family with difficult economic condition, the job can also help their parents lower the burden for their study and lives. For instance, many universities in Vietnam require high tuition, so part-time job is the best way to help students and families to earn extra income to pay for the tuition. Furthermore, having part-time job is a great chance for college students to experience more soft skills. During their work, they must learn to be patient, learn how to communicate and treat well with others. They also have to solve any problem that happens in every situation, which brings them a lot of experience in their future work. Lastly, working part-time is a great opportunity to meet new people and have more relationship. When students join new work, they can have a chance to do the job with many kind of people in the society. Thanks to this, they can experience more ideas, and learn how to work with anyone they meet. In conclusion, I agree that having a part-time job is also a great choice of college students, if they can allocate time appropriately.
" Whenever someone talks about college students and part-time jobs, tone of conflicts will start to appear about should or shouldn’t they have one, and from my point of view who already have searched for part time jobs since first year of college, I will say yes without dout and here are why.
Firstly, we discuss money, which is a key force that manipulates many aspects of modern human life. By working, you can use your own strength and energy to create values in the form of money, which you can use to pay for your daily expenses and occasionally to support your family. However, this is not always the case because, in contrast to full-time jobs, part-time jobs often require shift work and don't always pay well. Students who work for food and beverage establishments or lack experience will receive between 12,000 and 25,000 VND. If they wish to make more money, they must work almost full-time, which may not be realistic given their academic schedule. 
The next important component is getting real-world experience, as attending college only imparts academic knowledge; we also need to be able to deal with the whole range of scenarios that may arise in our future employment. Additionally, working for facilities connected to our major will be a terrific opportunity for our resumes. Last but not least, the individuals we meet and become friends with at work are likely to be able to assist us in the future or in other ways.
In conclusion, working part-time can be a terrific opportunity for all of us to build the experience, relationships, and money we will need for the future, despite it can limi time with our families or studying. In my opinion, college students who wish to remain in the campus environment should work part-time jobs.
"
"The student’s time is the great period for student can have more wide aspects about their jobs and future. They can intend some practical activities in or outside school including volunteering, have more internships in some local companies that links with their faculty. For some reasons, I find that working part-time jobs could be more helpful to find the interests and improve your skills before graduating but this isn’t obliged for all to get temporary jobs.
                                                                                                                                               First, working as a part-time employee can lead to more opportunities to meet the seniors, and the colleagues. We can acquire from them some experiences when they work full-time. Learning about the advices before having a decision what and where we are going to do so you can figure out the way to get your career better. Second, getting experience by yourself in this jobs would get you a closer look about your career, working environments, colleagues, the service at office. And what you are going to be had after the jobs. But in the opposite side for this discussion, this jobs could take you a slightly bit of time to handle. Especially, in majors has the large information, content and time having to learn, the difficulties in maintaining the workload and the studying are harder. The more time you spent on the part time jobs, the less time you spent on you college. So that you can choose another way being note need you to spent time such as working volunteering, doing some practical activities at school. 

Part time jobs is the good way for the students to get realistic in the job but you can choose more way if you want to have a more clear experience about what you are going to do in your future. "
"Nowadays, many college students still wondered ‘Is it important to have a part-time jobs?’. In my viewpoint, I think it is a challenging for students to have a part-time job when they still attend any school or studying and ‘time management’ is one of the answer for this question.
At the first course of first years when I’ve just a freshman at CTU, I have a part-time jobs, because my home economic was not really good, so I find a part-time job to have enough money for my personal expend. There was a time I worked more than 2 jobs simultaneously. And from that the problem was appeared, since worked more than 7 hours in days, so I didn’t have enough time to review the lesson after school or do the homework. That’s a reason why I got a bad mark for more than 2 subject because I didn’t finish the homework. Moreover, after study from 7am to 5pm on class, I have to work up to 0am every days, from that I didn’t have enough time to take a rest or sleeping. So, I always sleep every morning on class and can’t focus on the lesson. After one course, I noticed that because I wasn’t planned the timetable for study on school and part-time jobs become complexed.
The advice for any student, who still wondered that question is, if your home economics is good, please just focus on studying."
"In my view, I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job.
Some college students had used to be take care to much from their parents and they don’t know how to depend on themselves, so take a part time job as soon as you can is a good way not only to earning bonus money but also to get yourself so many experiences from people.
On the other hands, getting a job can distracts your studying a lot if you don’t know how to balance your schedule. So many of my friends they were so into the job and the salary so they decided to quit their studying. After that, they realized that wasn’t the right choice, they don’t have chance to have any better job for their future without the degree, and I see it was the hard time for them choosing between studying and working.
Like I said, have a part time job is good to training yourself but you have to think carefully, I don’t say that you cannot have any good job without the degree but It would be harder and need so many of experiences. So whenever you feel that your job take so many times from you and you cannot study well, you might quit that job and pay attention to your study. "
"Some people argue that it is significant for college students to have a part-time job. From my point of view, I totally agree with this idea with this discussion as now will be discussed.
The first reason is that money from part-time jobs can be beneficial for students’s lives. To clarify, some families do not have a lot of money and they limit the money that they support their children. Students can use their salary from part-time jobs to pay for their bills. This helps to reduce the financial burden on their families. This can be seen in Vietnam, where a lot of students living far from their parents decide to have a part-time job to buy anything they want from their salaries. This makes their life happier and more energetic.
Another point is that they can learn a lot from their workplace. The main reason for this is that they have to meet a lot of people and they have to communicate with them. This allows them to get numerous valuable soft skills such as teamwork, and communication, being more active. Moreover, some part-time jobs can support their future career.
In conclusion, having a part-time job can address many issues in their life.  As such, I strongly agree with the idea that it is significant for college students to have a part-time job."
"I think I disagree with opinion having a part-time job is important.
First, I think we need to know clearly about a part-time job. Part-time job can bring for us too many things good and bad. It can help us make money, but it takes us a lot of time. In college, we spend all of time for discovery about faculty of us, do homework, prepare for lessons, … If we have a part-time job, we could not control our time easily. Experience is one of benefits we can deny. When we work in new office, meet new people, do something new we will feel happy and more interest with that. But we can have more experience in college by join apply to be volunteer for a campaign, organization, … And sometimes, we will forget the reason we go to the college and just notices about a part-time job. So, I think before you want to apply a random job part-time you need to think obviously about learning and working. 
But in my opinion, I don’t recommend you should have a part-time job. In Vietnam, we need to work at least 8 hours for a part-time job and spend time to learn by yourself. For me, it too difficult to manage time.  I disagree with having a part-time job is important."
"I agree. Nowadays, it’s good for college students to have a part-time job, it helps them learn more about society and gain more knowledge and experience. They’ll earn lots of things, not only earn the money they did and also experience where they worked, maintain their skill and time management skills.
Firstly, Working Environment. They will interact with lots of people out there and they have to solve the problem and do their job base on where they are working, also they need put their attitude on their jobs, so they can approach more the chance to improve their skills and their relationship. 
Secondly, time management, they will make their own schedule for the week, to make sure the schooling time does not match the part-time job and they must focus when they study. It is ridiculously hard when you cannot manage your time correctly cause just one mistake in your plan yours studying could be ruined. 
Third, when we all manage the time, you can do any part-time job while studying, it helps you maintain your skills and your relationship, your study as well.
After all, we all need a part-time to earn some money and knowledge out there, it will help us someday."
"Nowadays, mostly individuals have a part-time job. In my perspective, I agree that working after school is necessary for university students. This essay will point out several benefits of it.
Having a part-time job can improve quality of life because it improves interpersonal skills such as active listening, communication skills, team working. For example, working at a restaurant requires a positive thinking when being received unpleasant feedback, a smiley face whenever taking to customers. It has an important role mental and intellectual growth. Because part-time job can improve problem-solving, critical thinking. For instance, when being received unpleasant feedback from customers, you need to know how to ease them and make sure that they will come back. Moreover, it can expand social circle because university students have to interact with team members and customers. In addition, having a part-time job is a great way to step out of their comfort, try new things and learn how to overcome challenges, so they can be more confident, independent and stronger in their next path. Moreover, it provides university students practical skills such as cooking, knitting, frying chicken, which schools do not have. It can give students more opportunities to experience different jobs with different knowledge. 
In conclusion, working after school is significant for university students because it has several merits such as improving interpersonal skills, mental and intellectual growth, and expanding social circle."
"In today’s increasingly modern and competitive world, it is common for students to work to pay for their tuition fees and to take on financial responsibilities later. Therefore, working part-time during college can bring many advantages, including financial independence, professional development, and improved time management skills. These benefits contribute to a well-rounded college experience that prepares students to meet the needs of the future workforce.
First, working improves financial independence. College tuition and living expenses can be overwhelming, and relying solely on parental support or student loans may not always be feasible or desirable. By earning their own money, students can alleviate some of the financial burden associated with higher education. This financial self-sufficiency not only helps cover tuition fees, books, and daily expenses but also instills a sense of responsibility and money management skills. Second, it is about time management skills. Balancing a part-time job with academic responsibilities requires effective time management, a skill that is essential for success in any professional setting. College students who work part-time learn to prioritize tasks, set goals, and manage their time efficiently. Additionally, students who manage their time well tend to perform better academically, as they are more disciplined and organized. Finally, personal growth and confidence can be improved through time training and practice fluently. Navigating the challenges of a workplace environment fosters resilience and adaptability. Students learn to handle responsibilities, solve problems independently, and work collaboratively with others.
To conclude, working part-time while attending college has several benefits that go beyond financial rewards. It offers students professional development possibilities, improves time management skills, and promotes personal growth and confidence. As students handle the complexity of mixing employment and college, they prepare for the challenges of the future workforce."
"In recent years, getting a part-time job to pay for the cost of living in university has become more common. Many people agreed that students should be encouraged to have an income besides their family support. In my perspective, I partly agree with this statement for several reasons. 
 
On the one hand, it is the fact that earnings will help them in any emergency circumstances or save money for future plans. In negative ways, a person who lives in a poor family tried to work in order to continue their studies. There is a loan for college students to help them. However, they still need to get a job to pay for this. In positive ways, these students will have the saving for some important situations. For example, money to pay for medicines or fees for medical examine. Moreover, savings can help undergraduates reach their goals or chase their dreams. 
 
On the other hand, I also believe that this could cause a few barriers to their education. Firstly, focusing too much on that job will make students neglect and spend less time studying. For example, if a student goes to school and works on the same day, they will be tired and cannot study as planned. Overtime, they are unable to come up with classes. Additionally, few people think that working early is not only not helping for work afterwards, but also a waste of time and effort. Those jobs are simply life experiences without any work experience. Instead, concentrating on learning and gaining new knowledge would help better than working.  
 
In conclusion, I suppose that choosing to do a job is based on condition and desire. If students can balance between job and study, it will improve their basis skills and study path.  
"
"In my opinion, it is not important for college students to have a part-time job. 

In my experience, some majors have massive deadlines for the college students to complete, and a part-time job can effect the quality of learning in college if students put too much effort into that part-time job. Besides, some information showed that in some situations, students paid too much attention to their part-time jobs instead of their learning, then received bad marks and had to pay more than their salaries to study again. 

On the other hand, the part-time job is not very positive. Students can arrange the part-time job if they are sure they can handle it without effect their marks in class and the part-time job can help their families decrease some of costs provided. Moreover, the part-time is also a way that helps us improve the soft skills like communication and lets the students know that money is not easy to earn. 

I prefer to get a job that uses the knowledge of my major or improves my skills for my future job to a part-time job. But it also bases on each person's situation, if they really need money to provide their life, so a part-time job could be a great way to solve that problem."
"In my opinion I totally disagree with this statement - students studying at colleges or universities do not have to have a part-time job. 

Firstly, it is because each university has different syllabus so that having a part-time job is optional. If the students in that university can manage their time well, they can find the part-time job to support their family. 

Secondly, being important about students must have a part-time job could be make them under pressure and make them receive bad result at school because they cannot pay attention perfectly on their studying. 

Moreover, the ability to manage time of each people is different so it is do not suitable when said that "It is important for college students to have a part-time job.". For example, the student who can manage their time well, and can solve their homework in a brief time can have more time to do other things and more than people. Working overtime also makes an adverse consequence on student physical health and mental health. 

So that, a part-time job is just an option for students who want to have money to support their life or family, if the student has enough money for their living standard they should focus on their study, physical health, and mental health."
"I agree with the statement "It is important for college students to have a part-time job" because of these reasons.
 
Firstly, students can learn soft skills from the part-time job such as communication skill, teamwork skill, solving problem skill, … Students cannot learn these skills in the school because many schools in Viet Nam teach more about academic knowledge than about practice skills. Having a part-time job is a great way to learn and practice these skills.  

Besides that, students can have experiences for their major. For example, a student learns the major of Information Technology, this student can do the jobs like writing programs, designing game, … and when this student wants to apply a technology company, the jobs which he/she made will become the good points for him/her toward the interviewers. 

In addition, they can make new friends, have the relationship with the people who have experiences in the fields of students. Students can have some money from their part-time job, and they can use them to pay for the fee if they can not have the scholarship. Some jobs can help students earn much money, especially the jobs about technology. 

In short, college students should have part-time job to enhance their skills and experiences about the major."
"Some people believe that having a part-time job is good for students, but in my point of view, having a part-time job can give students some disadvantages.

Firstly, when they spend a part of their day in working, they cannot contribute well to their study work. Sometimes, spending too much time in their part-time job can make their marks at their university become worse. 

Secondly, they may not take care of their health well when they not only work but also study at the same time. Day by day, it is possible that they will not sleep for enough amount of time and eat properly. Then, both their health and their study work will gradually decrease. 

However, in the other hand, having a part-time job can help students make some money to pay for food, their tuition and so on. In the case that their family condition is bad, it can make their life somewhat more pleasure.

In short, in my opinion, students can have a part-time job, but it should be in the period when they are third or fourth year students. It is a good time to start working but they should invest their time in the jobs that are advantageous for their majors."
"For this following statement I agree that because it is really important for student to have a part-time job. If they have a part-time job they can gain valuable of experience, have management skill to manage their finances and learn some important life skill when they do the job.

Firstly, students can develop their work experience by having a job that allows them to meet a lot of different people. With a part-time job, students can build their resumes and improve their chances of getting a good job after. I think a lot of employers prefer to hire employees who already have some experience in life.

Next, spending time to work part-time job helps students earn money to support themselves for life. When studying in college, students may have some difficulty about money, college life can be expensive right? So a part-time job helps them pay for food, for any daily expenses and for school too. I think this is the crucial reason for students should have a part-time job and it also helps them become more independent.

And the last one, when students work they study time management and responsibility is the best skills they need. They can learn how to balance between work and studies and with their personal life. These skills are very useful not only in college but also in their life and more than in their future.

In summary, having a part-time job make some benefic for college students. It not only helps them gain experience, earn money but also develop life skills. So I am sure and believe that students should have part-time job to do during their college years. It is really good for their life and helps them to have more fun and experience for the future. "
"In my point of view, global is more and more modern and the economy is increasing rapidly. Therefore, many students want to earn money when they are in college or university. But I think it is not crucial for college students or students who learn in university to have a part-time job because of these following reasons. 

Firstly, when they have a job, they cannot have enough time to do their assignment and homework, so their marks will be low. Moreover, they cannot review their lessons at school so that when they have a test or final test, they cannot have a good mark, or maybe they cannot finish their courses and have to attend that course again. And if they attend again, they have to pay money for those courses again. So you can see that it is time-consuming and does not have any benefits. 

Furthermore, when they have a job, maybe it will affect their health because they have to work and study together, they do not have enough health and maybe they will lack sleep. So that they always feel tired, stressed or do not have energy to do anything. Last but not least, when they do a part-time job, they will meet a lot of customers and maybe they will make them feel uncomfortable or stressed. 

In conclusion, I think students in college or university should not do a part-time job because it does not bring any benefits for them. I think we just have part-time jobs when we have a lot of spare time and make sure that it does not affect to your life."
"In my opinion, it isn't important for college students to have a part-time job if it is not a job related to your major or helps you improve some necessary skills which you need to find a good job in the future.

There are many friends of mine who have a part-time job as soon as the first month we come to Ho Chi Minh for our college study. So what is the problem? Those jobs take much times from them, makes them can't focus to their study and make new friends in college. "It had ruined my college life!", sister Nhi said with me when we had a conversation on Teams to share about our slice of life stories. She found a cashier job for a bookstore near her dorm and worked very hard for this job. At the same time, she had many midterm exams and projects that needed to be done. She was absolutely burned out because of this and her first year's GPA was very low despite the fact that she wanted to take the scholarship so much. You can see that if you can't balance between working and studying, having a part-time job could become a nightmare in real life. If you just want to have some money for your personal needs, just focus on your study and take the scholarship. That is better for you than become a cashier or waiter in a restaurant or something else.

In short, I also think that a part-time job isn't important but if you can find a job that can help you better and better, give you things that you can't find at school, it will be fine."
"College students having part-time jobs while studying is very popular, and they do different types of work. Personally, I strongly disagree with this point.

First, it is not important for college students to have a part-time job, because some study programs are heavy, so balancing learning and working is essential. If college students can not balance it, they will get bad grades and will not absorb knowledge effectively. For example, I have a friend who works a night shift at GS25, and she always goes to school with a very tired face, she can not pay attention to the lesson, and most of the tests she gets a bad score. This proves that working part-time can negatively affect students' academic performance.

Another reason why I disagree with that point is that I believe college students should focus on research, improving skills, and getting internships rather than doing a part-time job. Part-time jobs take up a lot of time somehow, and the time spent studying is actually extremely helpful for your future. For example, my sister Thao Hien spent all of time in college studying and getting certificates, so she was invited to work at a famous bank for her excellence. This shows that investing time in education brings better career opportunities.

To conclude, I think that having a part-time job is not important for college students. As a freshman, I will study hard and do a lot of research to gain more knowledge, I believe it is a good choice. However, I really respect college students who have part-time jobs because of their hard work and strong determination."
"Working part-time is important for students but sometimes has some disadvantages so I also agree and disagree with the statement"" It's important for college students to have a part-time job.""

 First of all, I will talk about the advantages of the part-time job. The part-time job is an opportunity for students to have little allowances to earn a living and help their parents with a little money. With disadvantaged students, a part-time job will help them very much. As you know, when you go to university, your parents have to prepare a large sum of money for you to pay fees, rent the accommodation, eat and drink, etc. 

Besides, when you get a part-time job, you will learn many new things from the people around you, they will teach you and show your weakness, sometimes they will hurt you. Certainly, you feel sad and disappointed but it helps your future, you not only learn more skills but also give you more opportunities. There are some facts that the college students will become clever and hard-working and specially they will be a planner to arrange everything well. Therefore it's quite important for the college to have a part-time job. It will open a lot of interesting things to you. 

About the disadvantage of it, we are also students, our main mission is learning. So learning is fundamental to give you a brighter future. Accept that when you know the way to arrange the schedule to control. But it's hard to balance between learning and working. I remember my teacher said: "If you get the part-time job, and the job proper with your major, just do it". 

In conclusion, I think working a part-time job will gain experiences and skills but sometimes it has some disadvantages, so you should be considerate."
"Nowadays, college students have a part-time job is more popular. I think having a part-time job is important. But it has advantage and disadvantage with college students. 

Firstly, having a part-time job has a lot of advantage because it helps college students pay fees at college more easily that it also helps their parents feel less nervous about fees. College students can have more experience such as social skill, sort skill, and so on. On top of things, some college students have free time after college so they can get part-time job instead of they are lazy at home. But having part-time job will be good with college students if they can balance between studying at college and job.  

Secondly, if college students just focus having part-time job, they may have a big problem. It is also disadvantaging. For example, they miss a lot of lessons from teacher because they don't go to college and then they can't do exam well.  On top of things, having part-time job is bad if college students meet bad things such as bad master, bad work and so on. They waste time a lot.  

In conclusion, having part-time is important if college students can balance between at college and job. It is important with many poor students but they really want to study at college. "
"In today's world, it is common to see a college student have a part-time job. Many people think that having a part-time job is a waste of time and not worth it. In my opinion, as a freshman in university, I think it is crucial to have a part-time job. Here are the reasons why.

The most important reason is gaining more experience, gives students an advantage in the job market. Having a part-time gives the students more opportunities and experiences for their future job. It helps them building their CV/ resume better and gain more success in their career. And when the HR of the company sees how much experiences they have, they will definitely be impressed.

The second is that a part-time job helps student to earn more money, covering their personal expenses, reducing financial pressure on their families. It also teaches them about money-saving and to manage their incomes correctly.

A part-time job also helps them to have more professional friendship, which can give them advice and can be beneficial for the future.

Last but not least, a part-time job helps them to increase the sense of responsibility. Because they have to manage both studies and works, helps them develop a strong work ethic, discipline and responsibility.

In conclusion, having a part-time job provides college students with work experience, financial benefits and essential life skills. So it is crucial for college students to start having a part-time job."
"Recently, many university students are joining the workplace, eventually this wave of trend is increasing day by day. In my opinion, attending the workplace early, or having a part-time job, is not true or false, it depends on many factors such as their background of family, their interests and their freetime also. 

First of all, I will talk about the benefits of attending the workplace early. Attending the workplace supports the financial demand of students such as personal fees or the rent. Moreover, that also helps people accommodate with a new environment and accumulate the workplace experience that make them more confident and trust themself.

Although with many benefits, having a part-time job also causes negative effects. Students not only have a huge deadline in their school, but also have to participate in extracurricular activities like club, hang out with their friends. Having lost control of the balance between study life and real life, they not only don't have free time to reflect themself, but also have risks to burn out.

In conclusion, having a part-time job while studying in university has many benefits but still has a negative effect. In the competing society right now, we deeply need to study how to control our time to make our life more efficient.

"
"Nowadays, many college students have a part-time job. I agree with this problem because it has some advantages for them. It helps them earn money and have some experiences. 

Firstly, a part-time job is financial support for college students which they can use to pay the bill of school, something they want to do or some college students save money for their future. So that they don't need to be responsible with their parents. Example, I had had a part-time job, I saved money to pay for my food, books and necessities and I didn't need to ask my parents to get more money.

Secondly, if college students have a part-time job, they can provide some life skills. They can learn how to communicate, how to work together better, how to think outside the box and how to design thinking. All of these skills are very important to them for the future.

However, working while studying is very difficult,  if they aren't good at time management, they can lose balance in their study and their job. So, they will need to choose a job which can be flexible to work and study. 

In conclusion, having a part-time job is a good opportunity for college students to try. It provides financial support and important soft skills. "
"Having a part-time job while in college is really important for students. First, it helps them earn money to pay for things like tuition, books, and living expenses. This can make college life a little less stressful financially, allowing students to focus more on their studies.

Moreover, part-time work offers valuable real-world experience. Students can develop essential skills such as time management, communication, and teamwork, which are highly regarded by employers. Engaging in the workforce also allows students to explore different career paths, giving them a clearer idea of their professional interests and goals.

Another benefit is that having a job looks good on a resume. Employers like to see that a student can juggle work and school, which shows they are responsible and hardworking. Additionally, students can meet people in their field, which might help them find internships or jobs after graduation.

Finally, a part-time job can be a nice break from studying. It allows students to have a more balanced life, combining work, school, and social activities. Overall, having a part-time job can make a big difference in a college student's experience, helping them grow both personally and professionally."
"I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
Firstly, a part-time job helps college students become more financially independent. Many students struggle with tuition fees, daily expenses, or want to reduce the financial burden on their families. By working part-time, they can earn extra income to support themselves.
Furthermore, having a job gives students valuable real-world experience. It allows them to apply what they learn in class to actual situations. For example, a student majoring in accounting may work as an assistant at a small company, gaining practical knowledge that textbooks cannot fully provide.
However, making money is not their final target, if students only focus on doing a part-time job for money, they will spend lots of time on the short-term target and forget what they truly want to archive in the long-term plan.
Finally, students with part-time jobs often develop better time management skills. Balancing work and school forces them to plan their schedules more efficiently. This skill is essential not only in college but also in their future careers.
In conclusion, part-time jobs bring many benefits to college students if they know what you actually want to do in long-term. While it is important to maintain academic performance, working part-time can help students grow more responsible, experienced, and independent."
"I don’t think it is very important for college students to have a part-time job. Of course, earning money is helpful, but studying should be the main goal during college years.

When students work part-time, they often feel tired. Sometimes, they don’t have enough time or energy to focus on school. I think it’s better to use that time to study more, do assignments, or review lessons. Grades are important, and a part-time job can make it harder to do well in class. Also, many part-time jobs are not useful for the future. For example, if I want to be a teacher or office worker, working in a coffee shop or delivering food may not help much. It’s better to spend time on things like internships or school projects that are related to our major. 

I know some students have to work because of money problems. In that case, part-time jobs are okay. But if students can live without working, I think they should focus on learning and growing.

In short, I believe that studying comes first. A part-time job can be good for some, but it is not the most important thing for college students."
"I strongly agree that having a part-time job is important for college students. First of all, it helps students earn money to cover their living expenses, such as food, transportation, and school supplies. Many students come from families that cannot fully support their financial needs, so a part-time job can reduce the financial burden. Second, part-time jobs offer opportunities to meet new people and make friends, especially in work environments like cafés, restaurants, or retail stores. These social connections can make student life more enjoyable and help build a strong network for the future. Third, working part-time improves communication skills. Students learn how to talk to different types of customers, solve problems, and work as a team. If the job involves speaking with foreigners, students can also improve their English-speaking skills naturally through real-life practice. Lastly, a part-time job teaches responsibility and time management. Students learn to balance work and study, which prepares them for the demands of full-time jobs after graduation. In conclusion, a part-time job provides college students with not only financial support but also valuable life skills. It is a meaningful experience that contributes to both personal and professional growth.
"
I agree that It is essential for college students to have a part-time job. First of all, part-time jobs help students to learn many soft skills such as communication, teamwork and time management. These skills are very useful in real life and in future carrers. For example, when students work in restaurants or shops, they have to talk to customer, solve problems and work with others. The experiences helps them become more confident and responsible. Secondly, part-time jobs give students a chance to earn money to pay their needs daily like food, house rent, books and transportation .Many students live far from home and need money to support themselves.In addition, students who work part-time often learn how to deal with stress and balance between work and school life.  Having a job helps them know how to manage their time well so that working does not effect studying. In conclusion, working part time is a good way for students to gain useful experience and support their life. It can help them grow and prepare for the future. That is why I think every students should try to do a part-time job during college period.
"It is believed that it is important for college students to have a part-time job
Firstly, when you work for part-time jobs, it could help you improve your interpersonal skill through expose to your boss, colleagues, clients. You can be more mature when facing with troubles in your workplace.
Secondly, part-time work is the best way for university students to gain more experience.  Istrongly believe that this kind of work experience   will support them in acquiring employment following the end of their studies. Part-time work experience discribing that they have some professional expertise and will offer them an advantage over other candidates during a job hiring.
But on the other hand, part-time jobs might make you deeply into earning money so your score could be considerbly decreased or you cannot keep work-life balance so that your health can be mitigated.
To sum up, having a part-time job will provide several benefits. As a result, having   part-time   employment   while   attending   university   is   a   need   forstudents. Although it has certain disadvantages, but when you can overcome them, you will be able to be stronger in the future."
"I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. First, a job lets them see real life outside the classroom. In lectures we mostly listen, take notes, and remember facts. At work we must talk with customers, fix small problems, and follow basic rules like being on time. These simple things build soft skills that books cannot give. Bosses like people who already know how to act in a team, so a student with work practice often gets a full-time offer sooner.Second, earning even a small wage teaches young people to value money. When a student has to serve coffee for three hours to make ten dollars, he or she will think twice before spending that ten on fast food. They may also help pay for rent, phone bills, or part of tuition, which eases the load on their parents. Making a weekly budget and checking the bank app become normal habits, and these habits guard them from using credit cards in a careless way later.Some people say a job steals time from study, but the key is to pick a light schedule, maybe ten hours a week. In fact, learning to balance work and school is another life lesson. I worked in a small bakery during my second year. I learned to wake up early, plan my tasks, and still finish homework on time. Because of that time I feel more ready for adult life. For all these reasons, part-time work helps college students a lot.







"
"With my perspective, i agree that college students should have a part-time job. It can be matched with your major or not, because it will bring lots of benefits for you. The first thing is money, absolutely, initial thought when decide whether or not to have a part-time job, however, we can gain more advantages rather than just having money. The second is having opportunity to practice and learn soft skill. When having a part-time job, we need to communicate with each others and practice makes perfect, communication not only the way we talk, but also the way we listen and sharing ideas to others. And, depend on which types of part-time job you have, it is an opportunity to learn something new (for example: bartender, sales person, tutor, …).
Final thing is time management, although it just a part-time job but when we have something new in life, it will account a portion in a day, then we need to learn how to balance life if do not want to exhaust and stress. In conclusion, I think college students can take a part-time job, and think it like a chance for experience besides studying in university. "
I disagree with this view. For me, a student only focuses on studying, I think that part -time job is not really important for students and part -time jobs. There are many reasons to say that part -time job is not really important for students. Firstly, the curriculum is increasingly shortened, I think we should focus on learning to achieve good results, for example, my school has started for students to study for 3.5 years, so one semester we have to study a lot of subjects, the allocation of time for each subject is a difficult problem. Secondly, not only studying at school, we also have to develop other skills such as foreign languages, informatics, ... So in addition to the time of studying in the school, I also need time to have time to learn these skills, if I still go to work, I find that learning will not be effective because we have been tired with many jobs to do. Thirdly, people often go to work to have experience, good at communication, but really necessary while communication skills I have gradually been improved while studying in school, and communicating with people around every day. The last reason is about money, I focus on studying in the school and can get a scholarship if I have high results, like the last period, I have a scholarship of about 14 million VND, so I can earn money and be able to grasp the knowledge, raise the score will definitely be better than going to work to earn more income. For the above reasons, I think the part -time job is not so important to students.
I strongly agree that college students should have a part-time job because of the following reasons. First of all, having a part-time job helps students improve some important soft skills. By working in a real environment, students learn how to deal with different people, solve problems, and manage their time more effectively. These skills are not always taught in their school but are very important for their future job. For example, I worked a part-time sales job in my first year of university. Through that, I learned how to start conversations, sell products and handle situations with my customers. Secondly, a part-time job allows students to earn money. This income can cover some daily expenses like food, transportation or study materials. In some cases, it can reduce financial pressure on their families. This also teaches students to be more independent and responsible. Finally, part-time work gives students valuable experience that can improve their job prospects after graduation. Many employers prefer candidates who already have some work experience. Even if the job might not relatedw to their field of study, it still shows that the student is hardworking, responsible and willing to learn. In conclusion, part-time jobs bring many benefits to college students. Therefore, I believe that college students should try to work part-time while studying.
"Many students choose to work for a part time job even thought they know it could be bad for their grade in their university. However, we can not refuse that part time job can help some students especially in their financial abilities. I strongly agree that it is important for college students to work in their free times.
First, students can earn money in their free time. In fact, they have a lot of free time after school instead of spending time on their phones, they can work in a coffee shop, online job or help their teacher in school,… That money can facilitate them to pay on their bills, books, foods which can reduce their parents pressure. Moreover, it build the responsibilities for the students to their money and feel more independent to decide to manage their time.
Secondly, part time job give students work experience. They can work directly with customers that they can face some problems need critical thinking. They can also learn how to communicate efficently with their team so they can collaborate and support each other. There are a lot of jobs that require teamwork, so they can share their idea, support their team and ask question to improve their working place.
In conclusion, working on  free time can aid students financially and learn more useful skill. It also helps them more responsible, independent and develop their future careers. Therefore, I strongly agree that part time job can bring back some beneficial for their student profile and professional growth.
"
I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are a lot of reasons for that. First, college students can make money by theirself to pay for everythings they want and not depend on their parents. They don’t need a permission for concert ticket, a new phone, you can name it. College students will improve a lot of soft skills that needed for the future. These skills are comunication skill, team work, active listening, small talk. I think this is a bright thing in their resume. Second, when they have a part-time job, they know the value of money and how hard to make it so they will respect and use preciously. Third, they learn about how to plan to balance between learning and doing their part-time job. This skill is very hard to learn especially in the chaotic world right now, so if they can master this, they will have more advantange than the others that don’t have a part-time job . They will have more responsibility for the job future. Last but not least, part-time job is a great oppoturnity to learn and know who they are. It can help them to realize that their major choosen in 20s is suitable or not. If they know they have a wrong decision, they have a lot of time to change and conquer their dreams. This a privilege of having a part-time job in 20s. Conclusion, having a part-time job when you are a college student is essential and necessary.
"Nowadays, many students form colleges and universities had part-time job. Personally, I agree that it is necessary for student to experience in working market in their school time.
Firstly, working can help undergraduates to be financially independent, which is especially important in today’s world where the cost of education continues to rise. It is true that many students now are facing challenges, such as paying tuition fees, buying textbooks or managing daily expenses like food and transportation. Therefore, earning money allows them to cover these cost and reduce the financial pressure on their family.
Secondly, part-time job gives students a big chances to experience and develop skills. Instead of only learning academic knowledge from college, they can put themselves in real labor market. As a result, they can learn how to communicate efficiently or to actually do teamwork, which facilitates them to apply for full-time job after graduation.
However, it is important for students to maintain a balance between work and study. Separating time appropriately can help them ensure neither their education nor their job performance suffers.
In conclusion, having a part-time job can be very beneficial for college students as long as they manage their time wisely. It prepares them for the future, both financially and professionally."
     In my opinion, college students only do a part time job when they in the 1st year. Because at that time they have more free time before study a lot of major subject in the 2nd and 3rd year. College students can gain more experience in outside the school. Beside that, they also can make and earn money to help their parents. As a college student, I realize that I can work with almost types of people at the restaurant I worked. Not only with the colleague but also with the difficulty customers. That will help they learn more about communication skills, time management, and how to address with the situation they met. They also have more relationships and someone of them can be your coacher in the future. That are some positive side of getting a part time job. They must remember the important of studying because the money they earn and the time they work for that job can not pay for the subject at university and that will make their parents unhappy. In summary, I think there are more ways to gain these experience like join a club at university but have a part time job will help college students discover more side at the social life.
