"     A part-time job is different from a full-time job because a part-time job works fewer hours than a full-time job. Examples of part-time jobs are servers, tutors, delivery drivers, and so on.
     Doing a part-time job is useful for people who want to earn more money and have a little time, especially college students. Moreover, working part-time while studying is beneficial in terms of developing work skills while studying, but at the same time, it also has a negative effect because we have to work hard and know how to manage our time. Through my experience as a waitress at a cafe, at first I was very excited and paid attention to it, and I could gain experience, meet new friends, and make money for myself, but all these things exchanged our tiredness, causing us to not get enough rest because we study while earning money, which affects both study and health as well.
     In addition, doing a part-time job is a good thing that we can learn from, and it can be an experience for us to prepare ourselves for working in the future. Lastly, working a part-time job depends on ourselves and our satisfaction because we are from different backgrounds and environments but don't do part-time job too much, just do what is suitable to us. We have to remember that the most important thing is our study."
"I currently agree that it is essential for college students to have a part-time job. Education in Laos is facing an issue that students do not want to study at university due to theirs budget. Then, some students choose to work rather than study and this affects to the number of students in university has been decreasing. I would support to have a part-time job that can help students to reduce their expense and has enough income. Moreover, a part-time job also improves your social skills, meet new society, learn how to live with others, and get some experiences that you can learn from it. 
I support the idea of part-time jobs for college students, as they can help reduce expenses and provide income. In the other hand, some students who did not manage their time or life can also get affected how to hold the education and a part-time job have balanced and do it well together. In this situation, I have still thought that a part-time job is essential for college students and it should have the organization which can get advises, information, and support about how do a part-time well along with study."
It is important for college students to have a part-time job. It can help you earn money by not relying on your parents. You can pay for anything by yourself, and you can also get new experiences from work. Learning from experiences can also help you find the work that you are happy to do that is suitable for you and others. It gives you hard skills and soft skills, such as communication and coordination skills. It is important because you have to work with others, which makes you know how to communicate and coordinate with others to make you work to be the best and not to work with conflict, argument, or other issues. Moreover, it can help you find a better job and make it easier to find a job when you graduate because if you have some experience, especially if you have worked in the field that you want to be in in the future, It shows that you know your duty in that position and what you should do or not, so they will not take time to teach you that much, and it also shows that you know how to work with others or a team, so it gives you more opportunities than other candidates. In conclusion, having a part-time job shows that it gives a lot of benefits and is not a waste of time.
In my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part-time job because, it can help they to improve many skills. As we know that college students already have some skills, but it would be better to get experience from part-time job. They can learn many things from working mistakes. These things would make they are more developed. They would be more organizing and good at management time. Part-time job could build their patient, experience, self-confidence and dare to face challenging things in the future. When they have all of those, they could be able to live by themselves, because they are not only receiving experiences, but they still get some income from their part-time job. So, it can help to reduce their expenses. To have part-time job can also help them to have more opportunity. For example: many companies or organizations nowadays need only the people who have a lot of ability, knowledge, and more experiences. If college students do not get a part-time job while they are studying. They would miss various learning soft-skills from working because some skills are not taught in college. So, those are why college students should find to have a part-time job while studying.
"It is important for college students to have a part-time job. But i disagree that students have to do part - time job because it will make them tired , pressure and worry.
Students will be too much tired.
All students should only focus on their lessons
Many faculty should learn at least 6-8 hours per day(08:-12:00/13:00-15:30) if some of student do part time job they have to spend at least 4-5 hours for work with a little bit of salary i think it not worth it to west the times, they used power to much it might effect to their health
Students may get pressure instead confident
At the period of student, students have many hard time from their lessons, they get serious about their lessons and grade ,i think this is too much for them, if they still got their work  issues that make them be pressured double time they shouldn't deserve it.
Students's worried will effect to their lessons
Students by worried may lost confidence and everything will be worse 
I disagree with students have to do part time job for many reasons.
Students use too much power it might effect to their health, they shouldn't deserve another pressure except lessons pressure. they got worried will effect to their every side , Students of all this period shouldn't deserve any issues over their abilities."
        Part time job is important for students because education and living are different if you have part time job you will have experience, salary and practice
        Life experience is very important in your future because if you have experience when you apply for a job you have a better chance.You will have confidence in your abilities that you can handle any situation.Income is very necessary for students because we have many expenses such as tuition fees.  Clothes, school supplies however whether you graduate or not, if you have income, you can develop it to increase your income because we study in order to earn money.  The end goal is money.  Some people do not graduate from school but can be successful as well..Practice is something that you should do and you have to do it a lot because you will be doing trial and error to improve yourself every day.Everyone has a starting point.  Successful people must have made mistakes, tried and tried again, and these things will lead to knowledge, ability, aptitude, and development.
        Part time job is very significant for students school age is an age where people are learning quickly every aspect should be developed."
It is important for college student to have part time job because:experience,salary and opportunity
 Work experience is the most important factor because many companies want people with at least 3 months or 2 years of experience and experience is also important when we write a resume if we want to work with a big company or want to earn more monthly. The resume must be good and have a lot of experience.
 We will have a monthly allowance that will help both the expenses of studying and the expenses of the family and maybe there will be money to travel without spending the family's money without being a burden for the family to use their own money without being a burden to anyone.
 We will have more opportunities than others, whether it is the opportunity to get work experience or the experience to know more about society while others are studying after finishing their studies to look for work, but we don't need to because we already have a job, but if we want to get a regular job that is busy, we have more opportunities than others because we have a lot of work experience and we still know many people who learn more about work and society.

I think it is important to have part time job while studying"
"

First of all, Part-time jobs help students contribute to their college expenses. It helps decrease the financial burden for students' families. Students can have money to pay for their expenditure or satisfy their desire. Moreover, when they have to work to earn money for themselves, they know how difficult it is. Thus, they learn the value of money. By this way, they will know how to use money in a more intelligent way.

Second, when taking part-time jobs, students can acquire more experiences and gain their skills. if they can find a job that having factors relating to their study, they can apply what they learn in books to their tasks. Therefore, they will have more oppurtunities to get the good work in the future because many companies nowadays need employees who are experienced in their fields. Furthermore, students also learn communication skill and time management skill. They have to meet various kinds of people and respond to many kinds of circumstances. Part-time jobs occupy time in a day, so students should plan to fit everything in a schedule.Some people argue that a part-time job may influence students' academic performance. The students may not have enough time left to do the assignments sometimes or feel tired to study. However, students can balance working with studying in order to not only earn money but also study well.
In short, having a part-time job can help students learn valuable lessons that can last ."
