 I definitely agree with the statement,  smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.  We all know that smoking affects our health very badly. But sadly, although all of the smokers aware of it, they do not try to quit smoking since they are addicted to that taste. Then I suggest that even if they cannot quit smoking, they should avoid giving disturbance or trouble to others who do not smoke.
Restaurants are regarded as public places where many people go and out. There may be both who smoke and who do not smoke. From my knowledge, the smoke coming from smoking affects not only the ones who smoke but also for the people in the surrounding area who feel the smoke through inhalation. It can lead people to diagnosed with lung diseases and other respiratory disorders. Besides, it feels really annoying for the non-smokers to feel the smoke in public places, especially in the restaurant where we have our food. For example, for me as a non-smoker who really hate smoking, it is really annoying to feel the smoke when I have my lunch at the university canteen. Moreover, in a restaurant, there might be some people with asthma, who have some difficulties in breathing. In that case, it is risky to have someone who smoke in the restaurant.
Thus, restaurants should completely ban smoking since it is the place where offer food and drinks to customers. Providing an outside place as a smoking area will be the best idea for both the customers who smoke and who do not smoke, as the smokers can smoke freely as they wish outside the restaurant and the non-smokers will not feel any disturbance from the smoke inside the restaurant.  
 
First of all, I have to introduce myself. I'm a student from Microbiology major first year second semester  at the University of Yangon.I want to talk about the topic   Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country  .

You will notice that there are many people who smoke around you.You will see people dying from smoking.We don't know how many people die from smoking in the world .I don't think the number of deaths from smoking that we see is small . I would now like to say a few words about this smoking. Smoking is like breathing poison into lungs.It's like inviting lung cancer and other diseases.It can harm not only yourselves but also other people.Smoking is as addictive as alcohol.Smoking is very dangerous for young people.Smoking can lead young people down the wrong path.Young people can live full life only if they avoid smoking.Some restaurants sell cigarettes to underage people.This is behavior that humans should not do.There are a large number of restaurants in the country.So restaurants should ban smoking.

If only restaurants banned smoking, the smoking population could be significantly reduced.As the number of smokers decreases, the country can also benefit.Therefore, smoking should be strictly prohibited in restaurants. 
 I agree that smoking should be completely banned in restuarants . Imagine that when we are having a meal,smoke   
from the cigarattes come into our nose and disturb the smell coming from our tasty food,it will be so awful. 
Although I smoke sometimes, I totally know that smoking harms our lungs which we breathe oxygen in and out. 
Smoking harms not only the person who smokes but also the people around him or her. We have learned in our
childhood that cigarettes consist of nicotine that speeds up the messages travelling between brain and body.
What it all boils down to is the fact that smokers have a right to smoke. So, in addition to the fact that smoking 
should be banned in restuarants, there need to have a small place outside the restuarant where smoking is 
allowed.  As a matter of fact,  burmese people started to smoke with rolled corn leave since  before cigarettes 
were born.  In Nat festivals, burmese people offered tobacco cigarettes to honour Taungbyon Brothers. Knowingly
the cigarettes are very bad for our health, some taditions make the festivals and cigarette unseparable. Although 
the packaging of cigarettes today are covered with the ''disadvantages of smoking'' stickers, there are always people
who asked for cigarettes  soon after arriving the restuarants. In conclusion, we should try our best to stop people 
from smoking not only to prevent them but also to prevent ourselves. 
 I agree with the statement   smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country  . The particular reason for this is that smoking can ruin not only the health of the smoker himself but also the health of the people around him, whom we call the   second smoker  . 

There are a lot of known and unknown components in a cigar or a cigarette such as nicotine and tar. These are the chemicals which can destroy the smoker's lungs by causing cancer or other diseases. Many smokers smoke at places like bus stops, bars, markets, etc. But restaurants are a place for family gatherings where elderly or young kids will be. So I feel like people who smoke shouldn't be smoking at their tables since the fumes can get to the kids or the people of old age. Also, some people may be allergic to the components or the ingredients included in the cigarette.

In many countries, there are places, smoking areas, made specifically for smoking which can be accessed at no cost. In airports of some countries, I've seen rooms or benches outside for the smokers to smoke so that the fumes won't be lingering around other people who don't smoke. If people smoke at the places that aren't the smoking area, the government punishes them by the law. I feel like this law should also be applied to the restaurants for the health of the majority who don't want to eat or stay near the fumes of the cigarette. 
 Smoking  should be banned at all restaurants in the country. As everybody knows, smoking is not good. Everything has pros and cons. But smoking has no advantages but many disadvantages. It causes health problems such as cancer of the lungs. Moreover, smoking is one of the reasons of air pollution. Young people think that smoking can make them fashionable and smart. But it is not totally true. Smoking is like burning money. Smoking harms smokers as well as the people around the smokers. Smoking is very annoying for other people especially in restaurants. Restaurant is the place where many people or consumers have. So, there will be many passive smokers if there is smoker in the restaurant. Besides, consumers are adults as well as children. Smoking' s disadvantages affects children more than adults. Smoking in front of the children will produce many smokers in the future because children can imitate wrong habits easily. In my opinion, this is the key point to ban smoking at the restaurants. So, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country.  Smoking is not good for ourselves and also for environment. Therefore, smoking is need to be reduced and in the future,  smoking should literally disappear. 
As everyone knows, smoking has been very popular throughout the history. A lot of people smokes in any ages. They all start smoking just because they want to get experience how it is look like or taste. They all like to smoke when they want to chill or get rid of depression. Then they beacome addicted and begin to smoke in any public area. I personally agree that smoking should be ban at all restaurants since Smoking provide a lot of disadvantages such as harming  air pollution and rising global warming. Especially in places like restaurants, there will be many different kinds of people who come to have their meal peacefully. It is okay if the people around are middle age but for the kids and old people, smoking can be very annoying. They may not have the ability to smell the cigarette which can harm their lungs directly even though they don't smoke . It is better to have our meal without any disturb. Smoking makes our environment dirty and causes air pollution and also causes lungs cancer diseases. To prevent it, we should restrict smoking areas not only to reduce their smoking times but also prevent people from suffering lungs cancers caused by people who smoke. 
These are the reasons why smoking shoube banned at all the restaurants . 
 I agree with the fact that smoking should be  completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is not a good behavior for the public Smoking has a lot of disadvantages. The ingredients included in cigarettes are chemicals and toxic to our bodies. Smoking can make you feel pleasure. But, if you smoke long-term, you can have diseases related to the lungs and throat. For example, lung cancer, throat cancer, heart stock, rapid heartbeat, etc. Smoking is very dangerous for pregnant women. If she inhales toxic gas, the chemicals also affect her baby too. And when she breastfeeds her baby, the chemicals and diseases go to her baby through breast milk. It can happen baby to 
respiratory problems, diarrhea, and also cancer. I saw the video about how smoking affects your body. In this video, your lungs become black and dry because of the toxic gas.  So, smoking is bad for our bodies. Smoking disorders can also affect another person who doesn't smoke but inhale smoke from cigarettes. That is why smoking is banned in public places. In our country, a lot of people smoke in restaurants. It is very unpleasant for another customer who doesn't smoke. Especially for children and older people. Above facts, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country or set a private room in all restaurants only for smoking like in an airport. 
     All kinds of people go to restaurants. Whether with family, friends, or even alone, we have all been to restaurants. We can freely act in a restaurant, and out of all the activities you can do in a restaurant, we are going to discuss about smoking. Should smoking be banned in restaurants? What about in the country as a whole?
  First of all, smoking is bad not only for smokers but also for the people around them, as they also inhale the smoke. This is especially true in a restaurant where people of all ages gather, including young and elderly. Their lungs are weak, and inhaling a certain amount of smoke can affect their health badly. Secondly, smoking also affects women's beauty. In beauty commercials, it is often stated that smoke causes acne. Lastly, and most importantly, it can distract consumers from enjoying their meals.
    If we look at things from the smoker's perspective, there's no loss for them. They can easily smoke in smoking areas or at home. We are not judging what they enjoy doing, but smokers should also consider public health.
    As someone who coughs constantly when inhaling smoke, my opinion is clear. I agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants throughout the country. Starting with restaurants, I hope that one day public can enjoy their day without dealing with smoke. 
 Smoking cigarettes comes in many forms. Some as a habit, some to forget a bad day while others wanted to be seen as fashionable in people's eyes. It does not matter what the reason is, I think it is not a good thing. And this fact does not apply only to the smokers but also the people around them. People have different level of resistance in their body for all the diseases and side-effects of various chemicals. Smoking is not something that can be done alone quietly. As the word imply,  smoking  gives off  smoke  in the air especially when we are in an enclosed room it really troubles and annoys people. So I think, smoking should be banned at all the restaurant in the country. 
In developed countries, there are places marked as smoking area, everywhere. In companies, they have smoking rooms separately for the employees and when a person has done smoking, he must use the spray to erase the smell of cigarettes so that no one would be annoyed by the smell. Also in restaurants, when a customer comes in, they would always ask the customer where he or she would sit because there are two kinds of table. The table for the people who smoke and the table for who does not. However, for the developing countries with various types of people with various mindsets and knowledge, smoking is a serious problem which is hard to take control. So, even if the things and situations cannot be changed instantly like in some developing countries, we should start by banning smoking at the restaurants. Because, if the citizens cannot even protect or follow a simple rule in a restaurant, how come they will develop into a country with high standard living with healthy life.
 
Yes, I am totally agree with this. Everybody know well that smoking kills people. But, the prohibition is too loose and so people don't scare of smoking freely even in public and university. There is a ban on smoking in some places like campus and dormitory but the onlookers are not that strict with that. They usually turn a blind eye to some minor case, that is, they also think of smoking as minor case. Most youngsters commonly have a bash at smoking and are overwhelmed by smoking. Some are compulsive and can't give up it throughout the rest of life and die young. In public place like restaurand, there may be the consumers who suffer from the lung deseases and stuff like that. If there is not a ban on it, those who around the smoker will find it annoying having the food in this way. Socially, they will not blame each other explicitly but the name of the restaurant can be besmirched. We all exactly know that every restaurat should give the service that is not only clean and comfortable but also hygenic. To so, they must put a ban on smoking.
 T﻿he dangers of smoking are well documented and protecting the health and well-being of people in our society is a top priority. The complete ban on smoking in all restaurants in our country is a necessary measure not only to protect public health, but also to create a clean and warm environment for all customers. 
First, banning smoking in restaurants will reduce the risk of smoking. Many studies have linked smoking to many life-threatening diseases, including cancer, heart disease, and respiratory disease. By eliminating smoking in restaurants, we can protect the health of smokers and nonsmokers, reduce their exposure to smoke, and reduce the number of smokers. 
Second, the implementation of a smoking ban in restaurants will create a more enjoyable and inclusive dining experience. Non-smokers often experience discomfort, and even disgust when exposed to secondhand smoke while eating. By providing a non-smoking environment, restaurants can meet the needs of all customers, including families, people with respiratory problems, and those who just want to focus on non-smoking food. This provides a more enjoyable environment where everyone can dine and be friends without being bothered by the smoke. 

Also, all smoking bans in restaurants are in line with the global movement to create a healthy and clean public environment.  The fact that 
restaurants are completely smoke-free is an important step towards protecting public health and providing a welcoming environment for all customers. By eliminating the health risks associated with second-hand smoke and creating a smoke-free environment, we can improve people's health and support the health of drinking communities. Lawmakers should recognize the importance of banning smoking in restaurants for the health and comfort of all citizens. 
                                                     Smoking is the action of inhaling and exhaling by burning chemical substances. Non-smokers can catch health diseases due to exposure to smoke. Since restaurants are public areas, smokers should understand the consequences of their smoking. I strongly agree with this statement for the following reasons.
                              The foremost reason for actioning a complete smoking ban is the critical issue of public health. Secondhand smoke can cause numerous respiratory diseases such as lung cancer, dental and oral problems, skin damage, etc. So, It is a risk for non-smokers, particularly for infants and pregnant women. By banning smoking in all restaurants, we can protect each person from exposure to nicotine, reducing the chances of smoking-related illnesses and creating a safer environment for all.
                                Secondly, applying a comprehensive smoking ban not only protects public health but also enhances the overall dining experience. Smoke-free environments give us fresh air, rather than the intensive odor related to smoking. Customers who don't smoke can fully enjoy their means without breathing secondhand smoke. This leads to increased customer satisfaction and the choice of the customer base. Additionally, a smoke-free dining experience highlights that society is changing.
                               Furthermore, a complete smoking ban can give economic advantages to restaurants. Research has shown that smoke-free places are preferred by a majority of customers, including non-smokers and families. By implementing a smoking ban, Restaurants can attract a larger number of consumers. Additionally, fire problems associated with smoking can lead to lower operational costs.
                               Overall, banning smoking at all restaurants in the country is a necessary step for restaurant owners. In all restaurants, restricting smoking is essential for advancing public health, respecting the rights of non-smokers, and enhancing the dining experience. By prioritizing public health, we can lead to a healthy society.
                                
 Smoking is one of the most common issues we had today that is killing people. The worst part of smoking is when a person smokes, they harm not only themselves but also others around them .Smoking cannot do any good thing and it only leads to bad health problems and death .So ,I agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.
     Smoking should be prohibited in public places especially restaurants .People usually go to restaurants with their family .If someone smokes cigarettes there ,the health of people can be harmed by inhaling smoke especially old people ,young children or other unhealthy people .And parents do not want their children see  smoking in front of them cause they worry about their children would think smoking is a good thing and imitate them. Besides ,no one want to eat their meal with those smoke .Thus ,restaurant should respect to customers and ban smoking in these areas. If they do not ban completely ,there must have a smoking area in every restaurant.
     There is no good point in smoking .It can cause lung diseases and even cancer that can cause death in serious condition .Therefore ,I totally agree with that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
 
 We all know that smoking can affect largely on health as well as serious lung disease such as lung cancer. Sadly, almost every man smoke everywhere nowadays. But not everyone likes the smell of the cigarettes. That is why smoking should completely be banned in certain places like in restaurants.
People often goes to restaurant not only to have meal but also to relax. So, many tend to smoke more, and some might develop a habit of smoking in the restaurants. This makes their addiction harder to quit.
Restaurants are places where people come to enjoy their meal with their family or loved ones, or maybe alone. So if someone smokes, those who are not fond of the smell of the cigarettes could feel suffocating. Second-smoker can also have health issue as much as the one who smokes. Especially, when people are trying to enjoy their meal, it is hard to avoid the smoke of the cigarettes.
If there are children in the restaurant, they could get the idea of mimicking like the person who is smoking. It can be a wrong model for the children who see. That is why smoking is not suitable for family-friendly restaurants where people with different ages come. 
In conclusion, not only smoking has a bad impact on the smoker himself but also to others around him. That's why I agree with the statement  Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country .

 
             Smoking is a very popular activity all around the world. People smoke in any place at any time. Smoking does no good to the smokers regardless of where and when they smoke. However, the severance of the effect can differ depending on where you do it and I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country for the reasons below.

             Firstly, we all know that smoking has negative effects on both the smoker and the person nearby. In a restaurant, people sit next to one another and the tables are placed closely to each other. If one person smokes, the smoke from the cigarette travels across the tables and pollutes the whole room damaging the lung of not only the smoker but also anyone who inhales it. Secondly, some restaurants have special air conditioning rooms and of course, in such kind of rooms, the smoke lingers longer and hypothetically, worsen your health even more. Moreover, restaurant is a place where people of different ages come and have their meals. Those people also include young kids who are very impressionable. By seeing an adult smoking, they might get an inspiration to try it out by themselves. In Myanmar, we even have this saying that says that smoking is the primary cause of many youths trying out weed and different kinds of drugs.

             Lastly, smoking is one of those activities that people pay to jeopardize their health. Doing it in the restaurants can do harm not only to the smoker himself but also to a lot of other people in the restaurant. Moreover, it can also give the kids the wrong idea that it is healthy or cool to smoke. Therefore, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. 
 We, human beings do everything that takes to keep ourselves fit as the saying goes, ''The health is wealth.'' However, some of us make mistakes which can break down the health, like smoking, drinking and doing drugs. The most common one is smoking. I am personally tired of being a passive smoker.
Smoking is really a bad habit but I have no idea why people thinks that smoking looks cool. Moreover, nowadays people invented electric cigarette to reduce the smoking addiction. But it is still doesn't work. The amount of people who smoke is increasing day by day, even a lot of young women don't even shame to smoke in public. As the one who hate smoking, the restaurant are the places where the massive amount of people smoke. Even though, they all know the ingredients of the cigarette can affect the lungs.
Restaurants had to be for only dinning peacefully without any distraction. There may be minors in the restaurants. It is considered as a rude manner if the behaviors are negatively influenced on other people even though smokers don't have any bad intentions.
In my opinion, parents should educate their children about how bad the smoking is before they become adolescences. The number of stores that sell cigarette should be limited like letting open only the permitted ones. For example, the shopkeepers should check they customer's age as they must not sell to the restricted minors.
One more thing to add on, smoking does not only affect the one who smokes but also the ones in its vicinity. So, why can't people quit smoking since it doesn't bring any benefits for every single people on earth. Therefore, I strongly agree that the smoking should not be allowed in the restaurants all over the world.
 
 I am under the impression that smoking, especially , in the most crowded area like restaurant can have bad impact to our society's healthcare system. To make the matter worse, passive-smoking can be a big threat to each and every human's healthy life. That is why, I strongly agree with the above statement.
When I was in RC2, I used to have my lunch at canteen and there, I saw so many students smoking and vaping in the middle of the crowd. I felt so annoyed and, sometimes, I couldn't bare the smell of cigarette. After having my lunch at canteen three days in a row, I got coughing badly and, eventually , I chose not to have my lunch at the school canteen. At this point, my experience says how smoking can harm a person's healthy life.
In Japan, the majority of Japanese restaurants offer two options-- non-smoking seats or smoking seats. People can choose whatever they want. In that way, they reduce the escalating of smoking-caused disease. Our government should prohibit smoking in crowded area. We citizens have to follow the rules set by our government not only for our own good but also for every person's own good. 
In my opinion, there is no saying  No  or disagreement for this statement. There are so many who are suffering from lung diseases. They may include those who smoke themselves, or those who breathe in the smoke, or those who have this disease since they were born. The smoke from cigarettes or whatever is so annoying that I cannot really stand it. Honestly, I had been smoking for one year and then I found out that I could not stand tiring anymore and moreover, I often felt that I could not get enough oxygen so I had to take deep breath. Therefore, I made up my mind to stop smoking and surprisingly I still cannot stand the smoke. Researchers said that not only smoking but also breathing the smoke can cause same effects. We all know that in public area like restaurants and bus-stop, there are so many types of people who smoke or do not smoke. Both those who do not smoke and those who have lung diseases can be annoyed by the smoke of cigarettes and the smoke can harm you and your environment. Being healthy is a blessing, so don't destroy it. Those are the reasons why smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country.
Smoking cigarettes is an addiction common among many individuals. If you look around, you may see a lot of smokers in public areas, such as restaurants, parks, shopping malls, etc. There are debates about whether smoking should be banned or not. While there's people saying that it causes a lot of serious damages, there's some who are against banning, saying it's their right to do so. Personally, I'm with the ones who support banning smoking in public areas.
Although, it's their free will to do whatever they desire, no good will come of it by smoking, not just in public areas, but also in private areas. There could be a lot of people, in public places, including children, older people, pregnant women, and those with different health issues, who might not be able to
tolerate smoking. Obviously, smoking can seriously damage one's health and cause some major diseases associated especially with lung. In fact, it's going to affect those who are inhaling those smokes whether they're the smokers themselves or non-smokers.
Another reason why I'm against smoking in public spaces is that it is an awful influence to minors. For example, children can eventually imitate the smokers and start the unhealthy habit of smoking. In fact, smoking at a young age could potentially ruin their life. Furthermore, smoking certainly pollutes the air and it can irritate the individuals around the area, who want some fresh and clean air and It might even cause some unnecessary conflicts.
For the reasons above, the most effective way to maintain a healthy, clean and safe environment for everyone is to permanently ban smoking in public areas.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at the restaurants in the country because of the people's heath. In many countries, the teenagers really love to smoke not only in the restaurants but also in every where like on the streets,on the bus,on the train and also the public area. That habits are very bad for children and patients in public area. For example, especially in the restaurants,the teenagers and some men are smoking like not having control while they meet with their friends and together with their families that is why the people were bad at their health deals with their respiratory system and they gradually may be cough loudly because of smoking.Since we were in primary schools,we learned about the knowledge of smoking which showed the patients who feel pain because of the smoking but nowadays, the cigarettes can be got at every shopping malls and markets.As I know about the thing like the cigarette is the vape which is so popular among teenagers. They think that the vape gives us the happiness while they depressed and lonely. They are so addicted in smoking with above things not knowing it can hurt their health and it can also be ruin thier life. As the teenagers' parents, they should be tell the knowledge and the bad things about smoking to their children but some parents used to smoke since they were adult.The adults and the teenagers should listen the advices from their parents and teachers.So, also the restaurants'owner must be control the customers who are smoking in public area and between the other customers. In my opinion,that behaviors can be distrust to the customers of restaurants if the owners freely give a permission to smoke.
I do not totally agree with smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country but some of them must ban smoking inside. In my opinion, smoking that should be banned or not is based on what kind of restaurant is it. In the restaurants like bar or something that is aimed for young people, smoking should be allowed but in like which sell traditional curries and rice or somewhere the elder people dine in, it must be banned. There are some people who love to smoke but also there are some people who cannot stand the smell of smoking. For who love, it is a good thing but for who dislike, smoking is like an enemy that make them hard to breathe. Even though I am not a smoker, I can handle the smell of smoking when I am in bar or club. But I do not like it when I am in university canteen or in a restaurant which sells traditional curries and rice because at that time, smoking makes me feel uncomfortable and hard to breathes. Moreover, it makes me to get high temper and I becomes too sensitive for everything. That's why I do not totally agree with that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
 I agree with the statement  Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country  because the smoke coming out from the cigarettes while smoking in the restaurants not only harms the other customers' health but also disturbs the respiration system of the customers in the restaurants. 
I don't like smoking and I always feel disappointed when there are people who are smoking around me as the smoke makes me hard to breathe.  The most important thing is that everyone must avoid smoking in public areas like in the restaurant, in the library, at the bus stop, etc. It is one of the most basic etiquettes in our lifetime.
Some restaurants are air-conditioned and that's why they have to close all the windows. In this type of restaurants, smoking must be totally banned.
Next, there are young children who come to the restaurants with their parents. Therefore, when they see the people smoking, they can imitate that smoking habit as they can be mistaken that smoking makes them cool. Moreover, the cigarettes smoke is not good for their health. Smoking in the restaurant can affects not only the health of the one who smoke but also the health of customers.
Some restaurants have smoking area so that one can go there to smoke. In this way, not only the one who wants to smoke but also the customers in the restaurants will be fine. Actually, smoking does not have any good benefit and it will be the best if we can quit smoking for our health. 
 
 

Smoking has become popular among young people.Nowadays,above 14 chidren are smoking.I agree Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaunts in the country.Second-hand Smoke is linked to symptoms of depression.
Children are at a higher risk of exposure to second-hand smoke, most of which comes from parents and other adults smoking at home. These children tend to get sick more often, are at a higher risk of developing lung infections (like bronchitis and pneumonia) and are more likely to have recurrent episodes of cough, wheezing and shortness of breath.
All these problems may seem small at first, but one cannot neglect with bigger ones associated with them. 
These would include the expenses incurred, the trips to the doctors, medicines, lost school time, parents having to stay back home to care for their sick child, let alone the discomfort the child has to go through.Smoking can harm health.Some people can't stand the smell of tobacco.It can destroy our liver and lungs. I am suffering from chronic lung disease from smoking.If it goes on for a long time, I can't breathe anymore.In the worst case, I can lose my life.If someone around you smokes, you have to tell them to stop smoking. So,smoking is destroyed our life and our health.We can avoid smoking 
 Yes, I absolutely agree about this discussion.
Nowadays, a lot of people especially teenagers pick up this as a habit just because of their stress in work, personal issues or problems and something more. Moreover, some are taking a cigarette even in public areas. When someone smoke a cigarette, they do not only hurt themselves but also everyone around them including children. 
It increases the risk of getting infection on the human body especially the lungs. It can also affect breathing and causes coughing. Moreover, it also reduces the ability to perform physical and mental exercises. 
Most importantly, it is an expensive habit. In other words, it can heavily cost in your finance. Even though some people don't have money , they waste it on cigarettes just because of their addiction.
However, there is no doubt that smoking can reduce the quality of your life if you are one of the smokers.
If we abstract the topic of this discussion, it is about a personal freedom verses public health issues. As we all know that there are many disadvantages of smoking , it should be completely banned at everywhere in the country to make a happy and healthy environment for the next generations of our mother world.  
 I don't think banning smoking from all the restaurant in the country is simple nor possible. I know it is important to protect public health and create a smoking-free environment, I don't think banning it is not the right answer. If we want to raise a smoking-free place, we should start by marking off smoking areas. Restaurants cannot always keep an eye out for smoker or drag him out of the place. There are restaurants that ban smoking in the country. But, people still smoke in the blind spot. I am not saying that we should let them smoke in the restaurants. My point is that banning smoking from all the restaurants across the country is a complex matters that requires a lot of time and proper rules. The side effect of breathing the secondhand smoke is as dangerous as the primary smokers. Many people are diagnosed with various diseases including cancer because of smoking. Instead of banning smoking from all the restaurants in the country, we should try to spread  public awareness about smoking more effectively and give specific smoking areas around restaurants where it's a bit far from public. Therefore, I think it will be a bit challenging to ban smoking from all the restaurants in the country.
I absolutely agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. As you all know, places like restaurants are public places have all kinds of people. The smoke that comes from cigarettes is bad for young babies and old men women. Some people even have asthma and smoking hurts not only the smoker but also the surrounding people. The smoke kills the plants and it is bad for the environment. It is not good for the smoker's lungs. Smoking hurts other people's health too. Imagine a baby accidentally breathes in the smoke, her lungs will damage and she could even get lung cancer. People who smoke has weaker lungs than normal people. They tend to live shorter lives and they don't get enough oxygen because of weak lungs. Smoking at the restaurants could start a fire as the most restaurants use gas to cook. Even if you really want to smoke, you should avoid smoking in public places. Plants live on air that was breathed out by humans so smoking will ruin their photosynthesis. It can cause the air pollution. People wouldn't like it because the tables at the restaurant are placed so closely. It would ruin the appetite.  If you really want to smoke, you should go to smoking areas and go smoke there. Although it would be the best if you don't smoke at all.
 I used to be a smoker when I was 16 because I was very eager to try everything at that time. However, I have not been smoked since turning 17 because of knowing that it was not good for my health. It is even worse for second smoker than the actual smoker. However, I also know that there some smokers who always follow the regulations in the restaurants. Actually, I get some suspense about choosing side in this topic. Therefore, I have to sit on the fence this time.
Obviously, smoking is not good. It is a universal truth. Nicotine, the main ingredient of cigarettes, is not good for our lungs. Smoke can also help air pollution, one of the most vital problems that we are trying to solve nowadays. Then, it can also cause some diseases like cancer, lung diseases, diabetes and so on. If a smoker is smoking cigarettes at public places, not only the actual smoker but also everyone who accidently inhales that smoke are endangered. That is why you should not smoke at public areas.
On the other hand, I also know that most of the smokers give their respect to others by smoking only in some places where smoking is allowed like smoker in the train, smoking area of restaurants and so on. Obviously, they do not disturb to anyone and they are just chilling in their own world. It is also very clear that smoke from cigarettes is just one of the smallest points that can cause air pollution.
Therefore, I do not want to talk what is suitable. It is a win-win situation for me. Whatever happens happens, I will agree with that. If you want to ban, you can. If you do not want to, it is up to you.
 
 
     I strongly agree that smoking should be entirely prohibited in all restaurants. This is mainly because of health, social and environmental factors.
     One of the very first reasons is that as we all know smoking not only affects the smoker but also to the ones around him who inhale the smoke. Therefore, it is very unhealthy for both the body and the environment, mainly because the sidestream smoke is more hazardous than mainstream smoke. When we eat food, we are basically happy, and we want to enjoy meal. At that time, when we smell cigarette smoke, it will be extremely annoying and distressing. In some well known restaurants, smoking is completely banned or either have a smoking area. However, in some small restaurants,  canteens or bars, there is no restriction for smoking at all and smokes are everywhere which make the people who are having meal unpleasant and uncomfortable. Another point is that I have hyperosmia and I am very sensitive to odour. So, when someone is smoking either near me or even at a distance, the smoke comes very quickly through my nose and I become suffocated, and consequently lose my temper. I usually have lunch at school canteen and there are always people smoking around my table. At such times, I can neither get rid of them nor have my lunch anymore. So, I just have to get out of there even if I have not finished my meal. This is just my personal reason why I want smoking to be banned in every public places, especially in restaurants.
     To wrap up, I firmly recommend that all restaurants in the country should ban smoking because of health issues, air pollution and public policy. 
  I do agree that mentioned statement . Smoking must be banned at restaurants. It can make unpleasant situations to the customers within a circle who is smoking nearby. It can also brings lungs-related diseases and some disfects to the people who inhale those tobacco smokes. I really really think this should really banned.And also when the elderly person sitting in a restaurant; it is also rude to smoking beside of him or her beacuse its just so rude kike mannerless. And also smoking not only must be banned at the restaurant but also at the public entertainment places like playground where kids are playing and relaxing. I dont say to break this smoking habit ; its just you can do this at somewhere not too crowded or the places or where you might not see other people around. I dont why people like to smoke but i really dont like smoking.They would be like this is the life you have to live with it but this is just so wrong Am I right.And Also i really dont recommend to smoke it is not good.In my opinion if u want to smoke you can ; but not too much till leading into some dangerous health hazards.if i mentioned too much you would be like youre not my father and youre not my parents so yeah we do have youth rights to do.But its just right and wrong so decide on your own.But i really do agree with the mentioned statement.
 Smoking is an unhealthy habit which harms not only the smoker but also the people around them. Since smoking 
does no good and can cause serious health problems, it should be banned to smoke in public areas. Therefore, I completely agree with this statement.

First of all, smoking in public areas such as restaurants annoys other people who do not smoke. A restaurant is a place where all kinds of people come and enjoy food. When a person smokes in the restaurant, other people around him are exposed to smoky air and smell as well. This would absolutely affect one's enjoyment on his meals. For me, I cannot enjoy my food at all when the surrounding smells disgusting.

In addition, smoking in restaurants leads to passive-smoking. This is because we are very likely to breathe in the smoke exhaled by those who are smoking near us. As a result of it, we, passive-smokers, will end up suffering from lung cancer and other extreme respiratory problems. Furthermore, those who do not smoke feel very stressed and anxious when among smokers. It can be harmful to various groups of people such as pregnant women, elderly people, and children. For instance, if a person smokes in a restaurant, the smoke that comes from burning cigarettes fills the atmosphere in the restaurant and it is difficult for other people to adjust to the environment filled with cigarette smoke.

On the other hand, some argue that banning smoking would break the rights of smokers. However, they can still smoke in open areas. Thus, I believe a ban would not violate the rights of smokers.

In conclusion, smoking in restaurants can pose annoyance to non-smokers, passive-smoking and harms on many people. Hence, I totally agree with this topic. 
 I agree with the statement   smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country    for a little.The reason why I agree this statement a little is that smoking doesn't  need to banned seriously,they just need to give a smoking area.Smoking can ruin not only the health of the smoker himself but also the health of people nearby him,whom we know the 'Second smoker'.
If you have seen many brand of cigarette,you have already seen that words 'smoking can ruin your health' .They also know the disadvantages of smoking but they still selling them for commercial.If there is a customer ,they will also have the seller.So,we can't stop selling the cigarettes but we can ban it in some important places.Restaurants need to ban the smoking but not every restaurant.If the restaurant is for family gatherings,birthday parties for children,that should really ban smoking in the restaurant and for other restaurants,they just put a place for smoking area or smoking room.
There are many places in the world that can't smoke in that areas.Especially in foreign countries,almost every restaurant and other places has smoking area that help to protect the ruin of people health who doesn't smoke.The government announces the rule for smoking and punishments.For the conclusion,I agree that   smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country   for a little because not every restaurant need to ban smoking 
A restaurant is a place where all kinds of people can come and enjoy the meals. Since it is a public area, any behavior that can be regarded as inappropriate or rude should be banned. In my opinion, I absolutely agree that smoking should be banned in restaurants as it can bring disadvantages. Firstly, we all know that smoking is not good for health and that it can give trouble not only to the one who smokes but also to the ones nearby. Restaurants are places where we can have a lot of people. Secondly, people of all ages can come to restaurants. There may be babies, kids, teenagers, adults and the elderly. Smoking in a restaurant can be dangerous especially for kids, pregnant women and people with health issues. They cannot stand the smokes for long. Moreover, it is where we can have family reunions, family dinners, important conversations and celebrating birthdays. One should not ruin these moments with smokes and making things go wrong. But, we also need to think for the people who smoke. What if they want to smoke real bad?  This is the reason why public areas including restaurants have smoking areas. To conclude, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. 
I agree that smoking should be entirely prohibited in all restaurants in the country.  First and foremost, smoking is a serious health danger for both smokers and non-smokers. People who stay near smokers will absorb the poisonous compounds and carcinogens found in secondhand smoke, which can cause a number of health problems such as lung cancer, heart disease, and respiratory disorders. Moreover, a ban on smoking in restaurants would be consistent with worldwide attempts to reduce tobacco use and the prevention of smoking-related illnesses. Research highlighted that if  smoking rates significantly decline, and public health outcomes will improve.The restaurant sector would benefit economically from a smoke-free dining atmosphere. Besides, the health of the workforce would also advance, increasing productivity and lowering sick leave.Additionally, smoking is not beneficial to the surroundings. Tobacco smoke pollutes the environment and has numerous negative consequences on the forest, including deforestation and wood burning. Finally, it could be harmful to the human race.There are numerous justifications why smoking ought to be prohibited in all restaurants. An area where people socialize and spend time together is a restaurant. I think, families shouldn't go to a restaurant where smoking is allowed, especially, no parent will be happy if their kids see smokers and imitate that habit.  In  short , even those who do not smoke but are close to a smoking environment will experience health issues.  So, I do believe that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country.
 Firstly , we can see the advertisements for smoking products all over the world throughout television and social media. Most developing countries have the lack of health knowledges. In some developing countries, there is age limit for selling cigarettes to citizens. They can't sell cigarettes to the students under 18. But as we know, in other developing countries including Myanmar , they sell the smoking products to the kids without checking their ages . Because they only want money and they think it is an unnecessary and unimportant thing . So there have been increasing the number of smokers in our country day by day . We can see in our eyesight the kids are holding a cigarette in their fingers and pretending they are so cool . Their parents can't stop their sons because even environment and society can't stop the increasing numbers of under age smokers. 



Starting from this case, people are smoking everywhere . They don't even care the other people's conditions . When you are eating in a restaurant, you have to eat with the smoke and you will cough because of the smoke. How would you react to that smoker ? . For me , I will tell and warn him directly in front of the crowd  not to smoke inside a restaurant . Smoking in a restaurant can annoy the people who are enjoying the food peacefully. And the most important thing to remind themselves is it is a public place . Government should built a place like smoking area in anywhere because government can't stop increasing numbers of smoker. So , in conclusion , government which has the responsibility should ban smoking in restaurants and must put some smoking area away from the other people . 
 Health is the most crucial ingredient in our life.There is no one who doesn't want to be healthy in their life. On the other hand, some people  unconsciously make themselves unhealthy, particularly smokers. 
      Firstly, smoking is not suitable for the environment. Tobacco smoke causes pollution to the world and it distributes many side effects to the forest, such as deforestation and wood burning. Moreover, it can also  harm our human species.There are many reasons why smoking should be banned in all restaurants. Restaurant is a place where the people gather and spend the time together.Especially, it's not appropriate for families to go to a restaurant that allows smoking. No parents will delight if their children react to the smokers. Because it might cause their children to imitate them.  Besides, the people near the smoking area will get health problems even though they don't smoke.  
    Components from Cigarettes cause cancer, stroke, heart attack and many other health diseases. Some people would say that  Prohibiting smoke in public such as the restaurant area is violating freedom. However, we should not let other innocent people be killed by tobacco smoke. It is not worth it for non-smokers to get diseases like addicted smokers.  
 Smoking is something that can kill us slowly. However, nowadays, it becomes a casual habit for many people. It has become a normalised thing. So, there are many smoking areas where you can smoke freely.  Nevertheless, smoking in a restaurant is something that should be completely banned in every country. 

First of all, restaurant is a public place where many people gather and eat together. There may be children, pregnant women or even people who are suffering from asthma. There may also be people who are allergic to the components or ingredients included in the cigarettes. Smoking can harm not only to the one smoking but also to the surrounding is a fact. However, people still ignore it and smoke everywhere without ethics.
 
Another point is that all of the people who go to the restaurant for maybe a family dinner or a date or a nice meal  want to enjoy their pleasant time eating. However, it would be really disappointing if a smoker is beside you and the smoke he exhales reaches your table. It is certainly true that one cannot eat peacefully while inhaling the smell of cigarettes. Therefore, restaurants ought to ban smoking for a better environment and for the sake of customers' health.

Last but not least, smoking is not good for everyone. Therefore, there is no doubt that 'Smoking should be completely banned at all of the restauranta in the country. 
 Smoking is widely regarded as a bad habit that harms both smokers and others who are exposed to cigarette smoke. The demand for stronger smoking rules has increased as public health and well-being become more valued by societies. Most restaurants in this country should be smoke-free, but not all of them. Despite being unhealthy, some people think that smoking helps us relieve tension.
In Myanmar, most of the restaurants have smoking restrictions in place to protect the public's health. Considering that it contains more than 7,000 chemicals, containing a minimum of 70 that can cause cancer, secondhand smoke is considered to be a serious health risk. Smokers not only endanger their own health but also the health of others around them when they enter restaurants and smoke. A complete smoking ban would produce a smoke-free environment, lowering the risk of cancer, heart disease, and respiratory issues among consumers as well as employees.

Personally I think, it is hard to enforce a smoking prohibition throughout every restaurant in Myanmar, a country with a large population of outgoing youths who want to be stylish and smart by smoking. But it is our responsibility to build safer, healthier environments and to protect everyone's right to enjoy public areas without harming their health. So smoking should be banned at all restaurants. 
 I hate cigarettes and the adverse consequences of secondhand smoke may be felt by surrounding non-smokers. For that reason, I would stay away from restaurants that permitted smoking. My uncle used to smoke as well when he was younger. He smokes at home, but I've never liked being around people who smoke. Smoking is a bad habit that not only harms the smoker but also those who are around them. Given that they are public areas, restaurants should be smoke-free to protect public health.Lung cancer, stroke, and other cardiovascular diseases are just a few of the health issues brought on by smoking. These health problems can also be caused by secondhand smoke, which nonsmokers can also inhale.Therefore, in my opinion, a smoking restriction in restaurants could make the environment more welcoming and pleasurable for everyone. The freedom of smokers to smoke where they like may be defended by some, however this argument disregards the right of nonsmokers to inhale clean air. Additionally, smokers are still permitted to consume cigarettes outdoors should they so desire. Personally, I also experience a great sense of happiness whenever I visit a restaurant with a non-smoking sign. In conclusion, in order to enhance public health and the eating experience, smoking should be entirely prohibited in all restaurants throughout the nation.
Humans are stubborn. Although we know smoking is bad, we cannot give it up. The number of deaths caused by smoking or by the diseases associated with smoking has not reduced. Smoking not only harms the person who smokes but also his surroundings. At least, it makes uncomfortable to the person who inhales the smoke. Also, smoking in public areas is extremely rude. There might be a pregnant woman, an old person or a month-old baby. And they are likely to suffer from the smoking indirectly. Smoking in a restaurant is a common case throughout the world. However, restaurant also is a public place that anyone and everyone can enjoy. Some restaurants prohibited smoking but many are not. I think if we can ban smoking in restaurants, we can reduce the rate of diseases caused by smoking, especially for passive smokers. But that will not be an easy journey. Because some think smoking is their individual choice and they tend to claim their rights. So, instead of banning smoking in restaurants, making  a smoking area would make more convenient for both parties. In fact, we should ban smoking in every public areas including schools, bus stops, cinemas and shops. Therefore, I must say I agree the statement that smoking should be completely banned in restaurants.
 Smoking is not a good habit for everyone. Especially for those who are suffering from a serious heart disease, smoking is totally a terrible action that has a great effect upon them. The smoke of a cigarette which is just gray gas has an unbearably powerful ability that can damage any being's lives. 

First of all, we all know that smoking is bad for everyone regardless of their genders,age,nationality and religion. The worst part is there are silly people knowing the consequences of what will happen to them if they smoke but still keep doing it without caring much about it.Secondly, it's a general idea that we should not smoke near a certain type of people who can't stand the smoke, including children and patients. Just a single cigarette consisting of an enormous amount of harmful chemical substances can even put people in bad health. However, if someone is affected by your smoking, it would be so unfair for someone who has to endure those bad outcomes for things he didn't do. Therefore,we need to avoid smoking in public areas. In public places such as restaurants, hospitals and also an aircon room, having someone smoking beside us is an irritating and uncomfortable event. In that kind of case,there is no exception and everyone would agree that they all feel the same. Sometimes, it may be rude to ask someone to stop smoking even though it is a must-do action. In case of that situation, the restaurants should ban smoking so that a better atmosphere would enhance the customers' feelings.

In conclusion,I agree with the topic    Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country   . The only one who can make a better environment is nothing else but the better people. 
           Smoking is bad for your health. No matter what type of smoking you does, the fact that it is harmful to your body doesn't change. The chemical compounds might be different but it is harmful nonetheless. Moreover, it is harmful to the environment as a whole.
          One of the reasons people should avoid smoking in a public area such as restaurant is the smell. When a cigarette is lighted on fire, a smoke is released accompanied by an unpleasant smell due to the chemicals involved. Some people just can't stand the smell of the smoke and might get bothered by it. If the restaurant arranged the seats tightly because of the cramped space, then you'll be bothering everyone. You should not smoke because the space is shared with everyone and you do not own the space.
          Secondly, people should avoid smoking due to the smoke released. The cigarette's smoke is harmful to human's body. Some chemicals involving in making cigarettes are harmful that when the smoke got in contact with the human's body, it causes reactions such as sneezing, coughing and watery eyes. You might get away with light symptoms but over long period of exposure, more serious health issues will arise. You should not smoke in a public place causing other people harms.
          Overall, smoking should not be allowed in all public areas. People should make an area designated to smoke like the rooftop for dispersing the smoke more effectively or a room with excellent ventilation.  
            
 

      I disagree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. More and more people have been smoking nowadays and smoking has been allowed as a legal activity in most places. 
       It is true that smoking is such a bad habit but, smoking can also be an activity that helps people get away from their stress, anxiety, depression or loneliness. Some people use smoking to escape from their ugly society. There can be some times that people need to smoke to help them get better. For such times, they'll need a space where they are allowed to smoke. Moreover, all adults have their own rights to smoke and they should be able to smoke at places where they want to. If smoking were completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, there would be more people smoking in the streets and other public places. There can be people smoking carelessly near hospitals, schools or other inappropriate places for smoking. It can harm other innocent people more than smoking in a restaurant. Instead of banning them completely, creating a certain area for smoking in a restaurant would be better for both smoking and non-smoking people.
       As a conclusion, people should be able to smoke where they want to unless it is inappropriate.   Therefore, I disagree with that fact that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. 
        Firstly, we all know that smoking can cause our health really bad. Smoking has no good for our heath . Whatever there's something good for the people who like smoking  cigarette and it can even help and accompanied when they are lonely or stressed .However smoking cigarette is still killing slowly many people and there still have cigarette productions and buyers and also users. But if we have systematically system of using cigarette , smoking cigarette won't be dangerous that much. 
        There have smoking areas that can be smoked legally and freely in other countries and they forbid to smoke other places like public areas. But there don't have like that smoking areas in our country that much. So people who don't even know the basic ethic smoke in everywhere like public areas . The worst thing that selfish smoker do is smoking in the places like restaurants and food courts or something like that where can get food. That's is the worst thing ever. Because people who come the restaurant and who is having a meal want their food delicious  and smell good but instead they only get the gross smell of the smoking cigarette. Smoking cigarette can cause the health bad not only to the smoker but also to everyone who is near by the smoker and breathe the smell of smoke. There can be different  people with different age and different health condition in a restaurant. So if there's also a person who is smoking , that one is really messing up to all the people in there. To conclude , we need to forbid really strongly not to smoke in public areas especially like in the restaurants or places where the food is.  
 I agree with this statement. Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country as it is a bad habit. 

A restaurant is a venue where people can eat in public. Restaurants attract a diverse range of consumers, including the elderly, young children, and those who are ill. Therefore, a restaurant must maintain a clean and safe environment. Smoking in public places is extremely upsetting and irritating. Smokers are permitted to do so at home and other locations without disturbing others. Smoking is acceptable at bars and clubs. However, many families with both young and old adults ate in restaurants. 
Many of the consumers at certain restaurants do smoke. They are not the sole consumers, though, and non-smokers can still be profitable for these businesses. All restaurants would not suffer much from a smoking ban. Everyone is aware that smoking does cause more damage than good. Smoke from a cigarette inhaled by a smoker can cause respiratory issues and lung cancer in those who don't even smoke at all. If someone doesn't care about their health, we can't forbid them from smoking. However, we can restrict smoking in some places, like restaurants, to protect people from serious health risks. Additionally, if other customers don't enjoy the smoke, there's no reason for them to inhale it. 
In conclusion, the majority of people who visit restaurants are not smokers. The health of people will be improved by the smoking ban. Therefore, smoking should be prohibited in restaurants. 
 Whether smoking should be completely prohibited in all restaurants across the country is a topic of constantly being discussed. A general prohibition on smoking in restaurants may not be necessary if it is important to prioritize customers' well-being and wellness.
The harmful consequences of smoking on the health of both smokers and non-smokers must be understood. Nonsmokers who are exposed to secondhand smoke may experience major health problems. Consequently, it's crucial to have safeguards put in place for those who do not smoke The restaurant atmosphere will be smoke-free and healthy by offering designated smoking areas or enough ventilation systems.  
Additionally, making it unlawful to smoke in any restaurant may have an unfavorable impact on the local economy. Some companies may rely heavily on their customers. Additionally, it is critical to consider each person's rights and choices. Smoking is plainly bad for you, but as long as it doesn't directly harm other people, adults should be free to select their own personal habits. To reduce smoking rates, people should create several awareness-raising campaigns. By promoting awareness and education, we can encourage smokers to quit on themselves so that we can take an in-depth approach to working for a healthy environment without needlessly limiting individual freedom. 
                                     

   Everyone is aware of the harmful effects of smoking on their health. But they are unable to stop smoking.  It is comparable to medicines.  The restaurant should explicitly prohibit smoking.  I completely agree with the statement. 
   Smoking can be harmful to one's health as well as the health of others around the smoker.  Additionally, the cigarette has a terrible smell.  Smoking can lead to lung, heart, and other diseases as well as cancer.  When women give birth, smoking might be difficult for them as well.  Smoking is not only harmful to pregnant women, but also to others around them.  We ought to be cautious not to smoke either outside or within the restaurant.  Smoking at a restaurant not only endangers its customers but also causes air pollution that contributes to global warming.  Each year, smoking claimed the lives of a large number of people.  Everybody gets poisoned by smoking.especially for children or students.  They are intellectually highly curious.  They need not to use it for harmful activities like smoking.  Their life has only just begun.  They have a bright future ahead of them.
    Cigarettes, in my opinion, are not really necessary in our daily lives. Even if we didn't smoke, we could still lead a happy and healthy life.  Because of this, I believe that smoking ought to be outright prohibited everywhere, particulary in restaurants.                   
 
 In recent years, there has been a lot of discussion on the pros and cons of prohibiting smoking inside restaurants. While some argue for a total smoking ban to safeguard public health and foster a smoke-free atmosphere, others feel it violates individuals' rights to privacy and personal freedom. 
The significance of preserving personal freedom is one of the key arguments opposing a total smoking prohibition in restaurants. As long as their actions do not violate the rights of others, people, including smokers, are free to choose how they will behave. It's critical to achieve a balance between protecting people's autonomy and public health considerations.Implementing designated smoking places within restaurants is another option to a total smoking ban. This strategy respects and acknowledges smokers' preferences while simultaneously recognizing nonsmokers' right to a smoke-free workplace. Restaurants can accommodate both groups' desires by offering separate, well-ventilated smoking areas, making sure non-smokers aren't exposed to cigarette smoke and that smokers continue to take pleasure in their habit in a regulated environment.If restaurants outright forbid smoking, it can have a negative impact on their ability to make a profit. The social component of smoking when dining out is enjoyed by certain consumers, including smokers.

Despite the fact that the case for a total smoking ban in restaurants is a strong one from the standpoint of public health, it's crucial to recognize and appreciate individual freedoms and preferences. It is possible to strike a balance that takes into account the demands of both smokers and non-smokers while promoting the financial viability of businesses by introducing designated smoking places and allowing people to make their own decisions within limits that are reasonable. 
I agree with the fact because smoking can lead to many health related problems.They can also harm others nearby.So,in restaurants,there are many people who are eating and its really rude to smoke while the others are eating.Smoking should be banned at all the restaurants because smoking can make the people who inhale the smoke cause more effects than the user.It can make the people around them feel worse and make the atmosphere of the restaurant dimmer.If there are children or old people nearby,it'd cause them serious health problems and diseases.Smoking should be also restricted in other public areas which are crowded with people.So I think smoking must be banned in all restaurants around the world.Moreover,smoking can only give the user very bad diseases and not a single good thing included.Hence,smoking must be banned in my opinion.Smoking can cause various lungs related disease and it can harm the lung very badly.Furthermore,there is no cure for lungs cancer caused by smoking.For me,I dislike smoking because it can harm the environment.
Yes, I strongly agree about with that. Because some people doesn't like the smell of the cigarettes and vape smell. And yes, it also need to need to ban that in some restaurants in country too. Most of young people instead of cigarettes, they are smoking vape in nowadays. Because of smoking around people, not only for the smoker but also bad for people who is around the smoker. And it also bad for the lungs because it slowly destroy the lungs and will become having trouble of breathing. It is not good for smoking in restaurants too. Because it disturb the people who are eating their dinner or lunch. Smoking cigarettes might be a unharmful things but it is also dangerous at the same time. If the smoker doesn't put the cigarettes light out and leave it like that. It can start a fire in the restaurant and can lose people life. Since all kinds of people eating in the restaurant, not only man and woman came to the restaurant but also the children are in the restaurant so it should be banned in every restaurants.
]
"Smoking is not good habit to have .It can damage not only  to  one person but also the environment.
If you smoke, the person near you can also be the second smoker.Every country must be restricted smoking by laws and collect more tax on smoking company.There is also smoking area in the city.And also we break the thoughts that smoker are cool and modern.We need to collect more tax from movie that have smoking sence.
There is no promoter for smoking company but the film director  described the guys by smoking.
That is how distribute the smoking skills.Smoking can cause lung cancer,buccal cavity cancer.Smoking can threaten the world population.We need to search the way how to cut the smoking .And also described about this fact on social media such as facebook, twitter, and instragramdaily.We have to encourage the person who want to cut the smoking.I want to make the law that covered for non smoking person . The best way that we can do for this case is to inform the people how smoking can distrub their life.If you live in country that have not smoking area,you must go other country.In conclusion,smoking should be completely banded in every restaurant"
"Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It not only harms the one who smokes but also affects the people around him/her. Since restaurants are mostly buildings, if one person smokes, it will surely spread around the building and will reach nearly everyone inside, which is all the more reason to ban smoking inside the restaurants. 

It is generally known that Nicotine can cause lung cancer if a person smokes too much. However, people smoke either because they are addicted to it or they want to look so-called attractive and fashionable. Nowadays, E-cigarettes have been widely spread over the world and most youngsters and adults buy them. Due to their compact and modernizing design, people were tempted more than ever. However, smoking inside the restaurants is the most unethical behaviour and should be prohibited by the owners. Or the alternative is they can build a smoking area where people can smoke. By doing so, it will not harm the people around them and at the same time, the owners will not lose the customers who smoke. 

In fact, smoking can cause harm to the human body and make nuisance to the people in the vicinity. So it would be better if we can create a Nicotine free world. 
"
"Smoking is bad for health and it harms not only to a person who smokes but also people surrounding him. I saw many people who smoke in restaurants or public places. I think we should not ban smoking in restaurants as it is a person's privacy and their choice. We can be whoever we want. So I think we should make a smoking room in public areas so that it will be better for everyone. I saw smoking rooms in other countries which are in the restaurants or cafe shops. In many offices, there are specific smoking rooms for smokers. Smoking harms a person who stays near a person who smokes more. As it is bad for health, we cannot ban it  because it is their choice and their favourite. We as a human, there are so many things that we enjoy which some of them may seem weird for other people. So we have to find a solution that will not harm for the smokers and other people. Having a specific smoking room is a simple solution for this problem. So I believe that it will be better for making smoking rooms for people who smoke instead of banning smoking in the public areas.
"
I disagree with this fact. Because this is against our human right in my opinion. Even though smoking is a bad habit for both for the smoker and his environment, it is still an acceptable thing to do freely. It should be banned only in the restaurants with the air-conditioning rooms for the other people's emotions while enjoying their foods and drinks. But for the open type restaurants like tea shops and canteens, it is acceptable places for the smokers to smoke freely. But the smokers need to be well-minded not to smoke around children and pregnant women. So banning smoking in all restaurants should not be the fair thing to do but need to be in the right time and place. If the thing we do is not badly hurting and disturbing for the people directly, we have the right to do what we love and what we wish for. That's why I don't agree with this fact about banning smoking from all the restaurants.   We should create the environment that is good for all people.
"I really agree with the title mentioned above . Banning smoking in all restaurants is important because it can harm people's health. When someone smokes, the smoke can also hurt pregnant women and kids, causing things like lung cancer and breathing problems. It's not just the person smoking who gets affected, but also others who breathe in that yucky smoke.

Smoking doesn't only mess with our breathing.It also makes the air dirty. The stuff in cigarette smoke can go into the air and make it not good for us. This is not only bad for people's health but also for the air we all share. That's why it's really important to stop smoking in places like restaurants.

When we make a rule to stop smoking in restaurants, we're doing something big to keep everyone healthy. Especially pregnant women and kids.they can stay safer when they don't have to breathe in smoke. Plus, saying no to smoking in public places helps keep the air cleaner, making everyone in the community healthier.

So, in the end, saying no to smoking in restaurants is all about caring for everyone's health. It is thinking about how smoking affects others and our air. Making this rule helps everyone, especially those who need it the most, and makes sure we have cleaner, healthier places for everyone to enjoy.
"
"     Smoking was very common many years ago and it is still trending in modern days. However, people from ancient era did not hesitate to smoke because the cigarettes from these days were made of leaves and plants so they could not be affect their health that much and they only smoked them for medicinal purposes. Unlike ancient era, today cigarettes are made of drugs, and chemical components that can completely affect the lungs of the consumers badly as well as the health of the surrounding people if they smell the smoke of the cigarette. Hence, most people can assume that I do not understand what human rights is as I totally agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country.
     Smoking seems to be a fashion in modern days and today people love to smoke not only to show off but also they are addicted to cigarettes even though they know that the ingredients included in cigarettes can make the consumers and the surrounding people unhealthy later. At worst, it can make the consumers die and the rest of the family members lose their beloved one because of these harmful cigarettes. Therefore, if the consumers are not addicted to cigarettes that much, they should try to quit smoking but if they are very addicted to cigarettes, they should try to smoke in private area such as smoking zone and not in the public area like restaurants. As a person who is keen on eating, I suppose smoking in the restaurants is a selfish behavior because not only the consumers at the restaurants are
distracted but also it is making everyone's health getting worse. 
      To be conclude, we can create the healthy world either banning smoking in all the public areas like restaurants or creating the smoking zones.

"
"While some people are saying ""Smoking is bad for every part of your body "" , some people might declare "" If smoking is not allowed in heaven, I shall not go"". There are such kind of people, who know exactly how bad smoking is for our health and yet can't help but keep smoking. Some even say that smoking is like being in a toxic but sweet relationship. Once we became addicted to something, it is really tough to free ourselves. First, we start it as having a taste and then before we even know, it becomes a habit and follow us and stick with us all the time. Even simple things like watching a series, reading books can make you obsessive. Smoking is totally bad for not only smokers but also the surrounding. However, in my opinion, smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Just like if someone tries to stop us from watching our favorite show and say it is not just that great, we will definitely get angry and unsatisfied. So we should respect the human rights of the smokers who seriously love smoking more than their own well-being and we should create and provide facilities for them. For example, providing a smoking zone in a certain place of the restaurants. Banning completely cannot not always be a good way to maintain a situation and sometimes, it can even cause unnecessary chaos as in human nature, the urge of wanting to do something more especially if that something is forbidden.We should respect them and in return they should respect non-smokers. So without creating tension, we should find a common base and sort out the best solution which is favorable for both sides.
"
"In this day and age, the number of smokers has been increasing gradually.We can see people smoking even in public areas, especially restaurants. Personally, I believe that smoking should be banned in restaurants.
Smoking affects not only the person who smokes but also the people around them. Restaurants are places where many people come and sit for a long time to enjoy food. If someone smokes in a restaurant, many people may be exposed to the harmful influence of secondhand smoke. An action of a person can ruin many people's lives through smoking. Therefore, it is the first reason not to allow smoking in restaurants.
Secondly, I believe that it is an ethical and respectful choice not to smoke in public places like restaurants. Even if the person who smokes can take the risk of their health, they must consider other people's health. They should be careful about their actions when it can negatively affect other people. Thus, I believe it is disrespectful to smoke in restaurants.
For a third reason, smoking in restaurants can destroy other people's enjoyment. Many people come to restaurants to have a marvelous time with their beloved ones, such as family dinner or friends gathering.If the area is filled with smoke, it interrupts the pleasure of people who want to enjoy their meal. Many people, including me, are intolerant of smoke, coughing a lot and having a headache. 
Some people will claim that it is acceptable to smoke in a smoking area in a restaurant. However, many restaurants do not have smoking areas. As a matter of fact, it is more unlikely to add a smoking area in each and every restaurant, especially in underdeveloped countries.
The unethical, irresponsible, and disrespectful actions of every smoking person can affect other people both physically and emotionally. Therefore, these are the reasons why smoking should not be allowed in restaurants.

"
"Many people regard smoking as an unhealthy habit but, there're still some who enjoy smoking. So, there's been an argument for and against that smoking should be banned completely at all restaurants. In my opinion, I think we should provide a specific place in a restaurant for those who smoke.

Firstly, Smoking not only affects the smoker's health but also the health of people near him and his family. It isn't unfair for other people to suffer from the risk of diseases since they're not the one who smoke. Secondly, most restaurants are operated with air-conditioners. It would be annoying and uncomfortable for other customers due to smoke. Moreover, there can be customers with asthma or young children. It can be dangerous for them if we let people smoke freely in a restaurant. 

On the other hand, we can't entirely prohibit people from smoking because it's their human right. They have their own right to do what they like to do. Therefore, instead of completely banning smoking, we should consider providing a place for them to smoke freely without interrupting other customers in restaurants.

In my opinion, the government is also responsible for keeping the citizens' health and should help to provide some solutions concerned with smoking instead of entirely banning it"
"All we know that smoking is a harmful activity. However, on the other hand, it is a stress reliever. It is said that people smoke when they need pleasure. I accept that smoking is a bad thing to find pleasure but I would like to disagree the above statement. I will explain my ideas.

First of all, we can't force the smokers not to smoke in this place or in that place because of human rights. It is impossible to ban smoking completely at all the restaurants in the country. Most of the customers in restaurants are men and most of the smokers are also be said men. So it is not possible to ban smoking in all of the restaurants. The impression and the sale rate may get low if all the restaurants promote non-smoking in their restaurants. There should also be restaurants where customers can smoke like restaurants including smoking area or room. To the next fact, the reason why customers come to the restaurants is because they want to relieve stress, to be happy and to be free. In my opinion, I think the staff of the restaurants should give the best service to them. They should let them to do whatever they like. If smoking disturb the other customers in the restaurants, I suggest that the owners of the restaurants should crate some smoking rooms, smoking areas, and smoking space.

Most of the people smoke these days. Therefore, in my opinion, smoking can't be banned in all of the restaurants to improve their business. I think in this generation, the restaurants that banned smoking can be boycotted. So as a youth in this generation, I disagree the statement, " smoking should banned completely at all of the restaurants in the country."
"
Smoking is a popular culture in all around the world. Some people love it and some feel annoyed about it. Smoking has many disadvantages, however, people smoke according to different situations and emotions. Some smoke with desicipline and some do not. In that moment, the surrounding people do not like it and feel uncomfortable about it. Especially in crowded places like restaurants, people should not smoke. Therefore I strongly agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Restaurants are places to have great meal and spend quality time with our beloved ones. So smoke should not be a obstruction in that place. Moreover it is a place where seats are placed side by side and if there are children near the one who smoke, it is not good for gentle hearts of children which do not have good immune system. Moreover, smoking in public area is not acceptable and it should fine if they smoke in public area.In conclusion, in my point of view, smoking should be banned not only in public area but also in at all the  restaurants in the country.
