"I agree that smoking should be completely prohibited from all restaurants in the country. There are plenty of reasons as to why I agree with banning smoking. First, smoking is itself, harmful enough to the smoker, but when you smoke in indoor public spaces like restaurants, other will smoke in the cigarette/tobacco’s smoke as well, indirectly affecting other people’s well-being, if not worse than the smoker themselves. Second, it is distracting, people cannot particularly focus on their meals if they are surrounded by the smoke of cigarette, can they? It also does not help that the cigarette’s smoke makes the food taste badly thanks to cigarette smoke ruining the meal. Third, it is considered rude when you smoke inside restaurants, people will consider you as inconsiderate when you do so with little regard to other’s health, like the two reasons above.
Nowadays, It is rare to see smokers inside restaurants, less so than brick-and-mortar diners, all thanks to strict regulation and social stigma, which helps restaurants seeing less smokers and people stay healthy. While I agree that smokers should be banned from all restaurants in the country, they should also be provided a special space to do so without affecting others. Many places and workplaces have special spaces like a smoking room, with ventilation and ashtrays provided, perhaps restaurants could implement the same thing if smokers are to be allowed.
"
"It is true that smoking in public is the illegal thing, especially in restaurant. People who complete this thing should be banned, I totally agree with this idea.
Firstly, the wastes from the cigarette will affect people respiratory system negatively. When these wastes come to the pulmonary, it will damage the lungs. Moreover it will cause some chronic diseases related to respiratory system. People cannot breath naturally that’s why they have no opportunities to join some sport activities or to enjoy the longevity life. Secondly, these wastes will destroy peoples’ meals. Most restaurants own variety air conditional that’s why these waste will cover these restaurants so  people cannot own a comfortable space to eat and talk with their partner or their families. Thirdly, these behavior will put an significant impact on teenagers. Adolescence can easily imitate some behavior they think they can do and society will be cover with various wastes from cigarette. This will show that the peoples’ health will not be ensure in the future. Therefore, authority should give some punishments to those who smoke in public and they should educate people the effect of smoking in order to decline the proportion of this behaviors or they can increase the price of cigarette or put some taxes in it
In conclusion, smoking is legal, but people should have an awareness to avoid some public spaces such as restaurant or bus."
"It is well-known that smoking is devastating to one’s health, despite that fact, it is still so common that cigarette is one of the most sold items all over the world.
Smoke from cigarette irritates me personally, and I believe many others. It could also affect people around who inhale it negatively, fragile people like pregnant women or small children to be more specific. Smoking in public places should not be acceptable, especially restaurants, since in other places, there are various ways people can avoid the smoke for example wearing masks, or staying away, but it would be impossible to do it inside a restaurant, where people come to eat! So, I, to some degree, agree with the statement that all restaurants in the country should ban smoking completely.     
While some people might strongly disagree with this rule, since for them, smoking is a way to show their personalities and release their stress. I have seen many people struggling to abandon that bad habit, so if this rule is made, it would be hard for families and friends in their gatherings because if one wants to smoke, they need to get out of the restaurant. So instead of banning, it would be more favorable if restaurants could divide their spaces into different areas, with one designated place that allow smoking.  "
"There are some statement has been made indicates that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. Even though there are some positive impact, I strongly agree with this statement.

Smoking is not only a individual problem, it also affect other people in a bad way. Firstly, smoking can be extremely harmful for a human’s health. There are numerous amount of scientific research shows that smoking can damage the lungs because there are more than 300 toxic chemicals used to made a single cigarette, inhaling those chemicals for a long period of time will be a burden to the respiratory system to carry. Smoking is the main reason for lung cancer not only that, it is the factor contributes to heart illness, diabetes and the list goes on. Inhaling smoke in a passive way can be as harmful with the same health issues. Furthermore, it is extremely dangerous that a pregnant women inhales smoke from another person because it is deadly to the baby and can cause miscarriage. Therefore, it not only should be banned from a restaurant causing everyone to lose their appetite, it should restricted in the community as well. 

In conclusion, cigarette should be restricted due to its negative influence on the society for everyone’s health. 
"
"Nowadays, should smoking be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country is a tricky question for the government to solve. As a citizen, I completely agree to set up a law to prohibit smoking in all restaurant because many following reasons. 

It’s easy to see that smoking has a big effect on our health, especially children and pregnancy. Studies have shown that passive smoking increases the risk of disability in embryos and dangerous diseases in pregnancy. Every year, there are approximately 37.000 people dead because of exposure of smoking. Besides, children and teenagers prefer to eat in restaurants and food stores. And when we are eating, the exposure of smoking becomes higher. And the second reason is that the smoke made the dishes become less tasty, it can make the customer find it harder to smell the taste or made the dish become so terrible. Or even smoking can effect to the culinary culture of a country, as a tourist I feel down mood when I encounter a man smoking in a restaurant. And the last reason is that now there are many smoking room and you can smoking without affect to others people.

To be conclusive, for many above reasons, i think banned smoke cigarette must be banned by law to protect community health and improve the environment in the restaurant.
 
"
"It is maintained that governments should prohibit smoking at restaurants across a particular country. Personally, I whole-heartedly agree with the statement due to several reasons.
Banning people smoking within the context of restaurants yields a number of important benefits to individuals. To commence, the policy can contribute to preventing smokers and others around from various health predicaments such as lungs cancer and brain damage, often caused by the immense toxicity of cigarettes. Gradually, the enactment of the prohibition can enhance the overall health of people forced to give up smoking in restaurants. Another critical advantage is tourism, as tourists, who usually gather at local restaurants in a host country, are less exposed to cigarette smoke. Therefore, the smoking prevention can reduce the risk of health issues for foreign visitors, indirectly associated with the promotion of tourism.
Furthermore, the regulation can also assure restaurant safety and environmental preservation. Regarding the former, as smoking in restaurants often increases the risk of conflagration, possibly causing injuries and casualties, due to burned cigarettes, the regulatory implementation can minimize the possibilities of this unwanted scenario. Environmental protection is another crucial benefit of prohibiting smoking in public areas, particularly restaurants. As smoking is usually common in such places, smokers often leave burned tobacco leaves and filtering part of used cigarettes, harmful to animal species and plants if these are released into the environment. As a result, the smoking ban can contribute to preserving the environment. 
In summary, I completely side with the opinion that smoking should be strictly banned at a national level since this can exert positive influence on people’s health, field of tourism, public safety and the environment."
"In the industry of hospitality management as well as policymaking, people have had hot debates on the ban of smoking in restaurants. Some people believe that the ban is impossible while others have positive views on such matter. From my perspective in the context of Vietnam, tobacco usage should be completely inhibited at every restaurant.
There are two corroborating reasons for the ban of smoking in restaurants. One of them is the improved public health as a consequence of fewer spaces for smokers. In the context of banned restaurant-smoking, while people can still smoke at other places apart from restaurants, eating is a necessity for every person, thus requiring people to curb their smoking habit. This downward trend can then reduce both primary and secondary smoking which are the prominent reasons for respiratory issues.  Another supporting argument for banning smoking at dining locations is the enhancement of the tourism and hospitality industry. This is because less and less people are smoking in these days and age; therefore, the absence of smoking in restaurants can increase public ratings. Such betterment can generate positive competition in the food and beverage industry regarding user experience, people can have more motivations for the use of dining conveniences and hospitalities.
In conclusion, while smoking has been a prominent issue, the ban thereof can bring about great benefits for the public good regarding health and economy."
"It is said that every restaurant in the whole country should be strictly prohibited from smoking. From my perspective, I completely agree that it has advantages for people when cigarettes are banned in eateries due to several reasons.
Firstly, smoking has long been recognized as a significant health hazard, affecting both smokers and non-smokers. In places like restaurants, if there are a few people smoking there, the non-smokers, including children, pregnant women, and the elderly, can suffer from health issues such as respiratory infections, heart disease, and lung cancer due to exposure to secondhand smoke. Additionally, it sets a positive example for children and young adults, who may be easily tempted to start smoking if it is less visible and socially acceptable. Hence, smoking should be banned in public areas like restaurants to avoid such negative influences. 
Secondly, a smoke-free environment enhances the overall dining experience in a place like an eatery. For instance, imagine that while someone is enjoying a delicious plate of spaghetti, another is blowing cigarette smoke around, making everyone lose their appetite immediately and stop eating. This can easily become an explanation for why a complete ban on smoking would ensure that all customers, regardless of their smoking status, can enjoy their dining experience without the disturbance of cigarette smoke.
In conclusion, for the reasons I have mentioned above, I maintain that smoking should be totally prohibited in public places like restaurants for the safety of public health as well as to provide the dining experience."
"In recent years, more people develop the habit of smoking. Much as smoking was proved to be unhealthy the smokers and passive smokers, many people still practice smoking in public places, especially restaurants. From my perspective, I concur with the notion that the government should prohibit smoking in restaurants, due to health concerns and social effects arise from this practice.
First and foremost, in the settings of restaurants, smoking can pose a serious threat to public health. Most restaurants are designed to be closed areas that can host a large number of visitors, where they can gather to enjoy meals and meet people. When someone smokes in a restaurant, non-smokers are also standing chances of being exposed to toxic fumes coming from the smokers. This can result in serious health issues related to the respiratory system, as well as putting the health of people of vulnerable groups, especially children and the elderly, in danger. Therefore, it is undeniable that smoking in these areas should be banned to protect public health.
Secondly, the practice of smoking in restaurants can also create negative public images and negative impacts on society as a whole. By allowing people to smoke in these places, people are condoning irresponsible behaviours and giving these individuals a chance to do so. Moreover, due to their curious nature, children may be influenced by these smokers and pick up the habit as well. By stopping people from smoking irresponsibly, society is also preventing future smokers from younger generations as well.
To conclude, I advocate the idea of preventing smokers from smoking in restaurants due to aforementioned reasons. It will take a collaborative effort between the governments and citizens to create smoke-free public areas in the future."
"It is argued that the acts of indoor smoking, especially in restaurants, should be prohibited nationwide. I stand by this proposal completely providing how its benefits outweigh any drawbacks.
Regarding the practice’s setbacks, both restaurants and smokers may experience certain losses. For the former, banning all customers who smoke can have their revenue plummeted. The decrease in profits comes not only from the smokers banned but the families and friends associated with them as well, since a meal is often a social event. In regard to the latter, being denied services at all diners for smoking robs smokers of their freedom to enjoy their daily dose of cigarettes.
On the contrary, the aforementioned disadvantages can often be overshadowed by the following gains. Firstly, by creating and committing to a smoke-free eating experience, restaurants can attract those who find smoking unbearable. Secondly, smoking has detrimental effects either actively or passively. Therefore, by banning indoor smoking at restaurants, customers can be free of the worries of consuming smoke against their will. Lastly, the fact that their habits create problems for both themselves and those around them can drive smokers towards quitting smoking for good.
All in all, while smoking appears to be an inseparable part of a happy meal, prohibiting smokers from all restaurants in the nation is favorable for both smokers and non-smokers.
 
"
"Nowadays, people told that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In my point of views I extremely agree with this opinion.
Mostly people think that smoking is the way to help them decreasing stressful, especially male. After a hard-working day, they have to smoke to feel more better. However, smoking causes lots of disease such as lung cancer, obesity, addicted,… It is the slowly way to make people die without painful. Besides smoking also affects to other people who breath the same smoking ash, specially pregnant and babies. Smoking ash can kill babies when they are not born and make the mothers’ health worse. 
In the restaurants, people pay to their experiences so they strongly need the best atmosphere. For example, people want to eat a dinner but the table next to them have a man is smoking. The smoking ash can make them feel exhausted. Therefore completely banned the smoking is the correct way. If some people want to smoke they can go outside. 
In conclusion, smoking is the bad way to feel more relaxed and it brings many problems to our health. At first, it looks nothing happen but in long time later, our health is can be worse and must pay lots of money for hospital.	"
"Nowadays, more and more people are smoking in restaurants causing air pollution that harms people. Some people think that we should put up no-smoking signs in large restaurants to prohibit smoking from happening to harm people. Personally, i strongly agree with this problem. 
Firstly, non-smokers such as women, children, the elderly in restaurants will inhale secondhand smoke, which can lead to serious health problems such as respiratory problems, heart disease and cancer worse, cause fainting.  So, we should be completely banned at restaurant to warned smokers to stay away from this area because they are the subject of frequent restaurant visits. 
Secondly, smoking has an even more serious risk, which is to cause a high rate of restaurant fires. Some people who do not realize that after smoking will throw it away without extinguishing the fire and throw it around, causing a fire. This has happened in many places, if we are not vigilant, it will be very dangerous for many lives. 
Additionally, we should not only use a measure to issue warning signs, but we must propagate this more through other social media such as Facebook, Tiktok about the harmful effects of tobacco in the public, especially large restaurants. 
In conclusion, the benefits of banning smoking in restaurants are essential to enhance the benefits. It also helps society develop more and more if we have a common sense of preserving the harmful effects of smoking"
"Many believes that smoking is a bad habit as it brings discomfort to both the smokers and those around them, and so it is argued that smoking should be prohibited from every restaurant across the country. Personally, I agree with this statement for I believe that it would do more good than bad. 
The primary reason for my opinion is that smoking causes a great deal of annoyance to everyone close to the smoker for it is a public space they are smoking in and not everyone is comfortable with smoking, especially the children and women. Moreover, when dinning at a restaurant, one would certainly encounter a variety of different kinds of people, some struggles with diseases that when exposed with secondhand smoking, would do them great harm.
In addition, the ones who smoke tend to suffer from chronical illnesses caused by the harmful chemicals in the tobacco. For example, smoking is the number one cause for lung cancer. These illnesses are usually dangerous and extremely difficult to cure.
In conclusion, because of the effects smoking can have on a human person, I strongly agree that the prohibition of smoking should be made wide across every restaurant in the country. And in doing so, will help built a safer environment for the public spaces."
"Unlike schools or hospitals, there remain smoking areas in many dining establishments. Many health advocates yearn for these to be closed off permanently; however, this request is not only unreasonable but also inadvertently harmful.

	From an economic standpoint, when a smoker legally spends money to buy their own packs of cigarettes, they are contributing to a billion-dollar industry. A normal law, then, almost never puts a barricade on this for the few, but sides with the many. The restaurants themselves will certainly not randomly act against smokers, as they usually go with friends who have the same habit in order to chat while smoking, creating higher bills.
	One might support banning smoking in restaurants regardless, and at a certain point in history this has probably happened already. Nevertheless, it is human nature to look for loopholes in any situation. This can mean that people might try to sneak a cigarette into the corners of the building and create a risk of fire that would otherwise not be there. Another possibility is that they resort to doing it inside their homes, which results in more extreme passive smoking and fume-infused furniture.
	
	In conclusion, considering the current conditions, prohibiting smoking outright in restaurants is unattainable and inadvisable. A more viable alternative, perhaps, is creating a more secluded smoking area far away from those who do not wish to be negatively affected. "
"Some individuals think that using the cigarette in the restaurant ought to be completed restricted in the nations. Personally, I wholeheartedly agree with this statement and I will explain the reason this following essay.
Smoking in the public place such as the restaurant might make a badly impact on people’s experience and the operation of the restaurant. First, it can effect on the restaurant quality and the customers in the restaurant. For example, the smoke from the cigarette may affect other customer’s taste on food and some of them cannot be satisfy with their experience in the restaurant and rate low quality for the restaurant. Secondly, smoking in the restaurant cause some unintentional trouble for the restaurant. For instance, if someone smoke in the restaurant, the dust from the unfinished cigarette can lead to the fire and damage the facilities of the restaurant. 
To limit the consequences, in the macro, the authorities need to have some strict regulation in completely banning smoking in the restaurant, especially public spaces. The government can run the campaign about the worst effects that smoking can make in the public places to raise the awareness in society. In the micro, the restaurant operator and staff can have their own smoking area, where allow the smoker to finish their cigarette and not to disturb other customers. Furthermore, they can watch and remind if the any of them have an intention to smoke to limit the smoking action in the restaurant.
To sum up, smoking in the restaurant can lead a handful of consequences for not only the customer but also the reputation of the restaurant. That the reason why the authority  and the restaurant director need to take action smoking need to be have a stringent ban the restaurant in the near future."
"There are some opinions that smoking should be restricted in all restaurants in the country. From my perspective, I partially agree with this idea because of the following reasons.
Undoubtedly, smoking restrictions in all restaurants can bring long-term benefits. It is noticeable that smoking is not only detrimental to the smoker, but it also does harm to the surrounding people. Restaurants are public places where a number of people breathe the same air, and the spread of smoke in such places will certainly cause annoyance and health problems. Therefore, the disappearance of toxic smoke may protect the well-being of customers at the restaurant, improving the mood of people eating out. Moreover, a smoking ban in this area can contribute to a clean atmosphere, enhancing the beauty of the restaurant.
However, a ban on smoking can cause negative impacts on the profit of the restaurants or tobacco industry. If all restaurants restricted the appearance of cigarettes, the number of customers who are smokers will decrease. The reduction in customers may result in profit losses, leading to financial difficulty in the long run. On the contrary, in case customers limits their use of cigarette to follow the rule, this will represent a threat to the tobacco industry. With the number of consumers declining, tobacco manufacturers may struggle to market and sell their products, which can lead to bankruptcy of the whole industry in the future.
All in all, smoking restrictions in restaurants have both benefits and limitations. It is important that smoking should be banned, but not in a strict way. This can bring advantages for both customers and restaurant owners."
"Many people say that smoking should be totally restricted at all the restaurants. Although there are plausible reasons for this, I disagree with this point of view.
Of course, when smoking publicly at restaurants, not only the smokers but also people around can be affected negatively. These people can be second smokers, and in long-run, there would be a great likelihood that they would get some respiratory problems. However, there might be a better way to avoid this. Restaurants should build up a smoking area where their customers who are smokers can come their to smoke without causing harm to others.
Another reasons why restaurants should not ban all smokers from their place is that this can cause a loss of their customers. Smoking is now still popular in some areas. When eating out at a restaurant with a ban on smoking, these smokers would feel upset or even annoying as they have to give up their habit in a period of time. This angriness may prevent these people from coming back to that restaurant. 
A good way to address this problem is to have a special area where smoking is allowed in each restaurants. For example, Aeon Mall – a large shopping center has built this place for smoking people and get many positive feedbacks from smokers and non-smokers in the country.
In conclusion, enacting a ban on smoking at all restaurants would cause a bad effect on the restaurants’ income. Instead, these restaurants should build their own smoking area to satisfy both smokers and other customers. "
I partly agree and disagree with banning smoking completely at all restaurants. First, I agree that smoking should be banned because it affects people's health. Smoking is harmful for both smokers and non-smokers. Non-smokers get effects from secondhand smoke, so banning smoking in restaurants can stop this and protect customers and employees health. While smoking is directly affected by the components within the cigarette, which lead to smokers having bad health. Second, banning skimming creates a pleasant dining environment and attracts more customers, like families with kids. Last, it also helps smokers cut down on or even quit smoking, which helps with their long-term health benefits. On the other hand, banning smoking infringes on the personal rights of humans. Because there are people who believe that it is their own freedom to choose whether to smoke or not, which is something that we cannot change. Also, the restaurant can lose customers if they ban smoking. Which leads to an economic impact from revenue losses. Overall, banning smoking completely in restaurants can create a better environment and experiment between customers and employees within the restaurant, but it can also affect personal freedom, and people who smoke might feel they are not receiving respect from people around them.
"Smoking these days is popular around the world, it is normalized as thing people do in their daily life. There are some people said that smoking should be disapproved in restaurants due to their negative effects. In my perspective, I personally agree with the previous opinion because of several reasons.

On the one hand, smoking should be prohibited at all restaurants because of the consequences it has on people's health. When a person smokes, all the people around them will also smell the smoke. Cigarette smoke can passively harm human health. For instance, pregnant women can be affected the most by the smoke because their health during their pregnancy is very sensitive and it also be harmful to the baby. Moreover, smoking in restaurants can make other customers' experience not so good, they cannot focus on their dish due to the smell of the smoke and it will ruin their sense of eating.

Furthermore, smoking can threaten customers' safety due to some bad effects. It will be risky if someone smokes near the fire, especially restaurant is the place where they always use fire to cook. Also, other objects such as curtains, furniture and carpets can be easy to catch fire. By banning smoking in all restaurants, restaurants can decrease the chance of accidental fires and provide a safe environment for customers.

In conclusion, I believe smoking should be banned as its disadvantages outweigh the advantages.
"
"Modern society has normalized smoking as something that individuals do on a regular basis, making it popular everywhere. Because smoking has such detrimental effects, some individuals believe that it should not be permitted in restaurants. For a few reasons, in my opinion, I concur with the earlier viewpoint.
Given the negative effects smoking has on people's health, it is one thing to say that smoking should be outlawed in all restaurants. Everyone in the vicinity of a smoker will be able to smell the smoke. Human health can suffer from passive cigarette smoke. For example, pregnant women are particularly vulnerable to the negative effects of smoking because it can harm the developing fetus as well as affect their own health. Additionally, smoking in restaurants can negatively impact the dining experience of other patrons by impairing their ability to concentrate on their food and spoiling their enjoyment of it.
Additionally, smoking has some negative effects that put patrons' safety in jeopardy. Smoking close to a fire is dangerous, especially in restaurants where fire is constantly used for cooking. In addition, other items like carpets, furniture, and curtains can easily catch fire. All restaurants can reduce the risk of unintentional fires and give their patrons a safe environment by outlawing smoking.

In conclusion, I think smoking ought to be outlawed because the negative effects outweigh the positive ones.  
"
"Many people believe that smoking in restaurants should be completely banned so as not to affect those around them, and I think that opinion is completely correct.

First, smoking in restaurants will affect the atmosphere inside as well as the experience of other customers. No one wants to sit in a restaurant while enjoying the evening with their family in the stench of cigarette smoke, it will make people feel uncomfortable and not enjoy their precious time. This also causes the restaurant to be underrated and at risk of losing customers. In addition, smoking also increases the risk of fire, when cigarette butts are not completely extinguished or customers' carelessness will cause unnecessary incidents such as cigarettes catching on the tablecloth and causing a fire.

In addition, smokers themselves will not feel the taste of food because there is a chemical in cigarettes that reduces taste, meaning they will feel the food is bland and will not enjoy it. That makes their experience with the restaurant worse.

In short, I think restaurants should ban smoking or have separate tables for smokers so as not to affect both parties."
"In the present, there are many addictive substances that seriously influence people's lives. One of the most significant representatives is cigarettes. Many people believed that people should be banned from smoking when entering any restaurants in the nation. 

One of the main reasons leading to this suggestion comes from the bad effect of cigarettes. Cigarettes not only make people addictive whenever they smoke but also destroy their organs day by day. According to many researchers, smoking is one of the main reasons behind the decrease of life expectancy in many countries. Another reason is that smoking wastes a big amount of money, which easily causes financial difficulties to societies. People pays a great amount of money for not only smoking but also dealing with the destruction that it brings to their bodies

On the other hand, there are still some benefits that smoking brings to humanity. One of the most significant advantages is relaxation people feel whenever they try it. Many people get stressed after work but they can not find any way to relax themselves so they decide to have some cigarettes. If they use it at an appropriate amount, it will not seriously affect their health. 

In my opinion, although there are some advantages that cigarettes can be used for, it's still very risky for societies to produce and purchase it legally. I believe that there are still many things that can replace the benefits of cigarettes so the government should consider it as an illegal product to protect societies from addictive substances.
"
"I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. 

Firstly, restaurants are normally considered as a perfect destination for couples and families to spend time together. That is why they really don't want anything to interrupt the cozy and happy atmosphere. Smoking is thought to be one of the interruptions so it is green for the restaurants to ban smoking. In case someone smokes, it affects the customers and the owners. While the moment is messed up leading to some situations that the customers may leave with upset attitude, the owners may lose some customers, even the friendly ones, leading the loss of profit which damages the service standard
 
Secondly, it is not healthy for anyone to smoke in restaurants because the space normally designed is small. To make a cozy place, the designers will make the space look small so the customers can have close contacts. In a man smokes, the smoking barely has ways to get out quickly, which is absorbed by everybody in the restaurant. As mentioned, families are the main customers. In the fact that some of them bring their children or even child with them, smoking not only its owner's lungs, but also family's and children's ones. 

In conclusion, smoking is not healthy and is bad for human healthy. Smoking in places which are small or don't have much space, it affects every body in the near area, especially restaurant where all kinds of human are there, including the future of the country.  "
"Smoking has always been a controversial topic in the world, and whether restaurants should ban these actions is still an unsolved question. Personally, it is necessary for restaurants and eateries to halt the smoking trend due to their customers' health and the customers' experience.

The reason underneath this is smoking has been widely known for their disastrous effects on health. If there is anybody who can smoke freely at the eating place, then customers, especially babies and pregnant women may suffer the harmful smell that cigarettes bring. Regarding smoking, it is also notorious for lung cancer and other illnesses in terms of health. In consequence, restaurants need to mitigate this problem in order to stop spreading this downside effects to the other customers.

Another reason why banning smoking is necessary is because it will diminish the other customers' taste buds and experience. There is a large quantity of people who are allergic to smoke from cigarettes so they will see smoking as an unpleasant experience. Furthermore, indoor restaurants may want to avoid this situation since the smoke could turn a delectable course into a bad meal.

Long story short, smoking is a culprit behind tons of health issues and it could also affect the customers' experience on enjoying their food so restaurants should ban smoking in the near future. "
"As cigarettes started being sold around the world for decades, smoking have slowly become the habit of many people. We see people smoke in many places, in the park, at their home… or the restaurants. But the problem is, smoking in a closed space like restaurants is regarded by many as impolite and harmful for everybody in the restaurant, especially children, so some have suggested banning smoking at restaurants completely. I agree with this statement. 

Obviously, smoking does bring pleasure to the smokers, in some cases, it can be used as a treat for mentally ill patients but under the watch of doctors. However, the disadvantages of it are numerous. 

Firstly, cigarettes contain nicotine, a chemical that can corrupt some functions of the brain, although many people are aware of this, they still continue smoking because nicotine can make a person addicted to it. 
Moreover, the smoke that is released every time they use cigarettes can lead to lungs cancer for anyone inhaling that smoke, so what is unethical here is that even a person does not smoke, they still get diseases because of other people. 

Additionally, the smell of the smoke is not even pleasant at all, which means it can create such an uncomfortable atmosphere for guests at the restaurants. Combine all of the above, smoking should be banned at the restaurants, for the health of the smokers as well as others guests. 

Despite the advantages of smoking itself that are stated in this essay, the bad side of it shows how good it is to ban smoking at all restaurants in the country. "
"It is believed that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. From my viewpoint, I strongly agree with that statement.

First, secondhand smokers can get serious health risks. Non-smokers, including children and pregnant women, are vulnerable to these harmful effects. For instance, a family visits a restaurant where smoking is allowed, children may inhale toxic substances, which increases their risk of developing asthma issues. A complete smoking ban in restaurants would protect customers from these dangers. 

Second, a smoke-free environment enhances the dining experience. The smell of smoke can be unpleasant, making it difficult for people to enjoy their meals. Eating a delicious dish while the strong smell of tobacco fills the air would lower the enjoyment of the meal. 

In addition, restaurants that ban smoking attract more customers, as many people prefer a clean environment when dining out. A smoking ban in all restaurants not only helps to lower the risk of getting cancer but also creates a fresh environment for customers when dining out.

In conclusion, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because it endangers public health and disrupts the dining experience. A smoke-free environment benefits everyone, making restaurants more welcoming and enjoyable places for all customers."
"Nowadays, people are getting used more cigarettes in everywhere, especially the restaurants. Some people say that "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country". It is a good idea and I totally agree with this opinion because of the harmless that it influences to people.

Firstly, smoking in the restaurant is an extremely issue because it may lead to explosions. The cigarettes cannot be used nearly the gasses, especially at the gas stations or restaurants. When it is near the gas, the gas will be exploded and hurting hundreds of people and also lead to the death. Therefore, smoking must be banned at all the restaurant because of the danger that it can hurt people.

Secondly, the smoke from cigarettes harmfully influences to the people around, specially the kids and woman. It hurts the body inside, not only the smoker but also the people who do not use the cigarettes. So that it is very impolite to use cigarettes at the restaurant because it can harm to anyone near the smoker.

In conclusion, I always agree with the idea of banning all smoker in the restaurant to help people would not be influenced by the smoke and get in safe."
"Some people think that all the restaurants in the country should completely ban smoking. I disagree with this opinion as I believe that creating smoking rooms along with punishment will be a better way for restaurant business following two main reasons.
             The first reason is that if all restaurants ban smoking, not many smokers are willing to hang out for a meal. Therefore, this will affect the restaurant's revenue, especially with the ones having a lot of smoking customers.
             The second reason is that creating smoking rooms along with punishment is a better alternative solution for this method that can satisfy both smokers and non-smokers as well as minimize negative impact on restaurants' business. As this will allow smokers to satisfy their need if they want while they are having meals. Besides, it also ensures that non-smoking customers' experience and health will not be affected. If smokers do not obey this rule, then restaurants should make smokers pay a fine as a punishment.
            To sum up, banning smoking completely at all the restaurants over the country seems a good solution at first, however, this will create adverse impacts on restaurants' business. Therefore, I believe that creating smoking areas along with a punishment will be an optimal solution for both restaurants and customers. 
"
"Many people state that governments should completely ban smoking at all restaurants across the nation because it affects people who do not smoke. I completely agree with this statement and the following essay will give details of my reasons.

First of all, imposing a ban on smoking can protect public health. Given the reasons that secondhand smoke is harmful, especially in enclosed spaces like restaurants. This means that non-smokers, including children, older people, and staff, should not be exposed to it. Otherwise, it will give them chronic health issues related to their heart or lungs.

Secondly, banning smoking would give comfort to everyone in the restaurant. This is because the smell of smoke can leave on the customer's clothes, which would negatively affect their experience, especially families and health-conscious individuals. As a consequence, such experience may lead to bad reviews on the places, damaging the business. 

Last but not least, in restaurants, especially those with materials that easily catch fire, like tablecloths or alcohol, smoking can increase fire risks. Thus, banning smoking can improve the safety of restaurants overall.

In conclusion, I wholeheartedly agree that every restaurant should be smoke-free, and authorities should impose a ban in the nation for a better customer experience."
"Some people argue that every restaurant in the country should completely ban smoking. In my opinion, I fully agree with this statement. 

Smoking brings a lot of disadvantages for both the customers and the restaurants. Smoking in restaurants damages public health. If someone in a restaurant smokes, the atmosphere and the places surrounding them will be full of smoke from the cigarettes, which is extremely harmful to human lungs. Inhaling too much smoke can cause many adverse diseases, such as lung cancer and heart disease. Moreover, smoking also affects the other customers' experience of enjoying the meals. For instance, they cannot smell the nice smell from the dish or taste the dish well. Therefore, this also affects the reputation of the restaurants. 

However, if the restaurant bans smoking, they will lose parts of customers who smoke. These customers might not go to their restaurants because they think they cannot enjoy themselves fully. Additionally, some people also believe that smoking is their own right and that they have the freedom to smoke in public without discrimination. 

In a nutshell, I still think that it will lead to positive influences if smoking can be fully banned at all the restaurants, but people should also have their right to smoke. In my opinion, restaurants should build smoking boxes or places for people to enjoy. 
"
"The argument of banning smoking at all restaurants has sparked a controversy around the world. In my opinion, I strongly agree to completely stop all the activities which are related to smoking in public places. This essay will provide some reasons to support this viewpoint. 

Smoking can harm one's health because there are thousands of toxic chemicals in the ingredients of any type of smoke or cigarettes. If innocent people absorb fumes, they can struggle with many health problems such as lung cancer or respiratory issues. Restaurant is a public place where many people come and eat food, therefore it is essential to ban smoking completely at this place to protect community health.

Another reason for this view is that the awful smell and fumes from smoking is absolutely a nightmare for customers who come to the restaurant. This is because it can ruin customer experience when they enjoy the food. The delicious taste and fragrance will be completely destroyed when someone is smoking nearby. Therefore restaurants should consider banning smoking or at least separate smoking areas from the place for other people including children if they do not want to lose more customers.
 
In conclusion, from my perspective, it is a must to stop all the smoking related activities at public places especially the restaurants with an aim to protect the general health of the community and improve the experience of customers toward the restaurant. "
"It is widely believed that the government should prohibit smoking in all restaurants in the country. From my point of view, I totally support this idea for citizens' health and money saving.

Some people hold the belief that smoking should be freely conducted for private demand and interest because of these reasons. First of all, smoking is harmful but they smoke in another place in order not not affect others and their family. Next, smoking is supposed to be a useful way for releasing stress in daily life. Smokers almost use cigarettes whenever they feel empty and stressed so it helps them remarkably in boosting their mood.

However, I think smokers should stop using cigars for health safety. Cigarettes contain nicotine which is a super harmful substance for people's lung and heart. Therefore, if smokers stop using them, they will definitely improve their health. Another reason is that money used for smoking is not only wasting but also meaningless. They can take advantage of this budget for doing another meaningful activity such as studying, exploring novel knowledge.

To conclude, smoking is detrimental to people's health in all aspects so citizens should not use cigarettes for releasing stress and doing another activity to benefit themselves."
"Having been a hater of smoking for my whole entire life, watching people suffers from all kind of severe sickness that were caused by smoking, I truly should have strongly agreed with this statement.

But to be fair, I understand that everyone is different from each other's and I should respect their lifestyle. If smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants, it will only cause chaos. The number of smokers I find along a street alone is crazy, so there will be no meaning if we banned smoking (I don't want the smokers to cancel out all the restaurants, especially my favorite one). 

And if I disagree with the statement, it is mean that I have against my own self. Therefore, what I thought is the suitable answer is: all restaurants should have a room, or a place that only allow people to come and smoke only, so that there will be no complain from the other customers and the people who like to smoke would have their own place, feeling like they are being included. This will not only help the restaurants to be more diverse, but to be known as putting their customers experience first. 

It is better for all of us to respect each other's lifestyle, instead of banning a hobby of someone."
"It is admitted that smoking is harmful to our health. Consequently, I believe that smoking should be prohibited at all the restaurants in the country to ensure the health of people in public places like these.

         Firstly, restaurants are public places for people to enjoy delicious food and drinks. It is also a place for family, friends or colleagues to have parties and have a good time together. If smoking is allowed in those places, it will seriously affect the health of some special people like children, pregnant women or just girls. They will have a bad impression about the restaurants which allow smoking, leading to the decreasing number of customers. 

          Secondly, the action of banning smoking in restaurants would enhance people's awareness about smoking. They may note that they should not smoke in public places to ensure the health of their family, friends or other people. This may contribute to the campaign which supports mitigating global smoking, leading to some changes in human's awareness and modern health. Moreover, the money spent on producing cigarettes could be decreased because of the decreasing need from people. Government may utilize this money for investing in other fields such as economy, healthcare, finance…. 

          In conclusion, I believe banning smoking in all restaurants is of importance due to the overall health of people around us. "
"There has been concern whether smoking should be banned from every restaurant in the country. In my opinion, smoking must not be used in restaurants not only because of the detrimental consequences caused to humans, but smoking also create uncomfort to others. This essay will discuss two reasons that smoking must be banned at all restaurants.

To begin with, smoking cigarettes or pods can bring numerous harmful repercussions to humans and the people surrounding them. However, while the public has the awareness of smoking's negative consequences, they still do not realize that it also causes illness to the people surrounding them. Therefore, there must be a policy which limits the use of cigarettes and pods in the public areas. This is not only controlling smoking in public, but it also prevents people from having detrimental consequences caused by smoking.

Another reason is that smoking can create uncomfort to people who do not smoke. More specifically, the smell of cigarettes may cause the people who are not familiar with this breath harder. However, this is not the reason for the smoking people to change from using traditional cigarettes to pods. Because the company has developed pods with many flavors, such as strawberry, blueberry, etc. This is also really uncomfortable because these fragrances are just artificial. Hence, whether cigarettes or pods, they also cause the same feelings and impression,

To sum up, smoking must be limited to being used in public, such as in restaurants. Therefore, I strongly agree that it is necessary to ban it from the public areas. "
"Recently, research and news reports have shown an exponential increase in the number of people addicted to smoking. However, whether smoking should be banned in public places, particularly in all restaurants across the nation, has sparked numerous discussions. I strongly believe that banning smoking in all restaurants nationwide is essential for the betterment of our community.

Firstly, smoking restrictions should be implemented for the sake of public health. Scientific studies have proven that smoking is extremely harmful, causing numerous health issues. However, it does not only affect the individual smoker -it also harms those nearby through secondhand smoke. While some may argue that smoking is a way to relieve stress after a long day, it should not be permitted in restaurants as it negatively impacts diners. Banning smoking in restaurants would ensure that customers can enjoy a better dining experience in a clean and fresh atmosphere. Since restaurants serve a diverse range of people, including babies, teenagers, adults, and the elderly, prohibiting smoking would create a healthier environment for all. Therefore, to provide families and individuals with an optimal dining experience, restaurants should completely ban smoking.

Another reason for banning smoking in restaurants is to help reduce the prevalence of public smoking. Although restricting smoking in restaurants may seem like a small step, it can still have a significant impact on individuals' behavior. It can encourage smokers to be more mindful of their habit and prevent them from smoking indiscriminately in public spaces without considering others. 

In conclusion, I firmly believe that restaurant owners and the government should take this matter seriously by establishing laws and policies to ban or at least restrict smoking in restaurants nationwide. Doing so would contribute to a healthier and more pleasant dining environment for everyone."
"It is said that smoking is recommended to be banned at all the restaurants in the country. In my opinion, I totally agree with this statement. 

First of all, smoking is the beginning of health problems. Although with some people, smoking is a good way to relax and reduce stress from work and life. But the reality is that 70% to 80% people who smoking are having lungs cancer and other lungs problems. 

Secondly, smoking in restaurants when other people are having dinner is disrespectful and impolite. Restaurants are places where many people are going there for dinner and average of them are succeed. Some guys who smoking at restaurants can create low quality atmosphere, restaurants may lose lots of customers because of that reason. 

Moreover, some families bring their kids and elders to the restaurant to have dinner when breathing through smoke are able to have health problems or even disabled when they grow up. 

In conclusion, planning to ban smoking at all restaurants in the country is a good idea to create a healthy atmosphere for people, especially kids and elderly people. It helps the country to reduce bad habits, health problems and make the country become a good place to live. "
"Nowadays, humans have always needed to face many stresses and psychological problems. With the development of technology, science has created a lot of things to help people get rid of those problems. And with that, smoking was born, as first, with the knowledge of humans in old times, they simply think it will help people relax with some of the chemical substances that smoke contains. But time proves that smoking really harms not only humans but also the environment. With that reason, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.

Firstly, restaurants are a place where people have their meals, to have a good experience while customers are eating a meal, restaurants need to ensure that their meal has a good taste and smell. But unfortunately, smoking negatively affects the smell part, it can change the way a meal smells, and make a customer unsatisfied with their experience. This way, it can also decrease the restaurants rate and income.

Secondly, smoking harms the health of all the people surrounding it. And restaurant customers can maybe have health problems that can be more dangerous if they unfortunately breathe a smoke. Restaurants will need to have the responsibility for customer health, even though it is not their fault at all.

In conclusion, it is necessary to restaurant to completely ban smoking in their place to protect their reputation and also customer experience and health.
"
"Lung cancer is one of the most popular diseases in this day and age. And the main reason comes from smoking. From my point of view, I totally agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country because of the long-term benefits of humankind.

There are some reasons why I have this viewpoint. Firstly, smoking is harmful not only for smokers but also for others who are exposed to smokers, especially children, pregnant women and those with respiratory conditions. Imagine you are having dinner in a restaurant with your family, and there is a man smoking next to you. This can cause irritation for you and people around him. A smoke-free environment ensures a more dining experience for everyone and promotes public health. Nowadays, there are many restaurants in Vietnam that apply a ban on smokers, this creates a cleaner and healthier atmosphere in the restaurants. Secondly, the lack of smokers at the restaurants creates a good image for the country to both the locals and tourists. 

In conclusion, smoking should be completely banned in restaurants due to health risks, negative impact on the dining experience, potential loss of customers, and dangers faced by employees."
"As we know that, restaurant is the busy place with all ages, from kids to adult people. So, there are some people say that "Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country". I partly agree with this statement because of the following reasons in this essay.

It is obvious that smoking is not good for our health, it destroys our lungs a lot, especially with children. There are a lot of articles about cigarettes destroy our health, so restaurants need to ban smoking in their places. For example, some kids live with family which have a smoking member, kids may not have good health as the other ones. 

The next reason is that some people do not like the smell of the cigarettes. So they are really uncomfortable if they smell the smoke while they are eating. For instance, some customers may be angry and complain with the manager about the smoke. So that, restaurants should ban smoking.

Smoking may not be banned completely, restaurants can open one room for smoking if they want to have more customers. Because some people they cannot quit smoking, so opening one room for them to smoke is the good idea. Other customers can not smell it, but smoking people can smoke without making other people feel uncomfortable.

In conclusion, smoking is not good for customers' health. But smoking may be allowed in one room in restaurants, which may not cause other people to feel uncomfortable about smoking."
"Personally, I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. This essay will show the disadvantages of smoking at the restaurant and several reasons.

To begin with, one of the biggest disadvantages is that it can harm the health of people such as customers and staff in the restaurant. Besides, smoking also leads to serious health issues, especially cancer that makes us live shorter than usual. So by banning smoking in the restaurant, we create a healthier environment for everyone in the world. 

Additionally, whenever many people smell smoke, they feel completely unpleasant and angry because it can ruin their dining experience and it also harms their health. Therefore smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country to help all customers enjoy their meals without the unpleasantness of smoke and it also helps restaurants bring more comfort for all customers regardless of their preferences. 

Finally, banning smoking in all restaurants can help some smokers reduce their habit. Then it also improves their health. For example, cities have implemented smoke-free laws, and it helps decrease the smoking rate among residents. 

In conclusion, I strongly agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country because it not only protects our health but also help reduce habit smoke of smoker and improve the environment say no with smoking. "
"Etiquette, as important as it is, is sometimes not many people's concern especially when going out in public. Eventually, some people tend to smoke in public spaces like restaurants without the consent of others. Therefore, banning smoking in diners is a must to maintain a healthier environment.

On the one hand, smoking is bad, not only in restaurants but in general, as it affects your health in a negative way. For instance, the smoke from cigarettes will lead to tremendous diseases which include cancer and many more. However, this is not only the case, smokers use cigarettes not only harm themselves but also the others. For example, a research once showed that people who sniff the smoke indirectly have a higher chance of catching those deadly diseases than the ones who smoke. 

On the other hand, a place meant for eating being filled up with cigarettes smoke is not really sanitized. Just imagine not only restaurants, but also public spaces that are filled with harmful smoke, the air will be polluted tremendously. If we don't ban smoking in diners now, soon the whole country will suffer severe air pollution. 
However, although completely ban smoking at every restaurant is necessary, we should also raise people's awareness. Actions like making "stop smoking" posters or not letting people smoke near the others, especially kids are really important.

To conclude, for a healthier and greener environment for everyone, smoking should be prohibited at all restaurants in the country."
"              One of the causes of lung cancer now is caused by smoking so the ban on smoking in public places as restaurants is essential. While some argue that smoking is on individual freedom, I strongly believe that prohibiting smoking in restaurants is indispensable because smoking can bring public health concerns and fire hazards.

              Firstly, it is scientifically proven to be very dangerous and non-smokers are unwittingly suffering the serious consequences caused by those who smoke freely. Especially in environments such as restaurants, there are many diners affected when smoking is not prohibited. For example, many studies have shown that people exposed to secondhand smoke can have a higher risk of lung cancer.

              Another reason why smoking in restaurants should be banned is fire hazard. It can be said that restaurants are extremely flammable places, so if someone smokes and throws cigarette butts around in the restaurant area, it can cause a fire that affects many innocent people. Therefore, families with children who are concerned about fire safety will avoid restaurants that do not have smoking regulations.

              In short, banning smoking in restaurants is very necessary and should be implemented in all restaurants today, not only because of public health concerns but also because of the danger of fire, and smoking needs to be clearly regulated to avoid affecting unrelated people."
"Smoking in public places has been a controversial issue for years. While some argue that people have the right to smoke wherever they choose, others believe that smoking in restaurants should be completely banned due to the harmful effects. I strongly agree that smoking should not be allowed in restaurants because it poses serious health risks and sometimes affects restaurant staff.

First, smoking in restaurants endangers public health. Smoking is always known to cause various health problems including respiratory issues, heart disease and even cancer. Non-smokers, including children and elderly, should not be forced to inhale the toxic smells while eating. The only way to address this matter is a complete ban on smoking in restaurants which would protect customers and workers from these risks.

Additionally, allowing smoking in restaurants negatively impacts the dining experience. The stinks smell of smoke can be overwhelming and annoying, making it difficult for customers to enjoy their time. Many people go to restaurant for a relaxing and enjoyable time. A smoke-free environment would create a cleaner and more comfortable atmosphere for everyone. 

Moreover, smoking in restaurants affects the well-being of the staff. Waiters, chefs and other employees work long hours and are constantly exposed to smoke if smoking is permitted. This long-term exposure can lead to serious health problems. Therefore, banning smoking completely, restaurants can ensure a healthier workplace for restaurant staff.

In conclusion, I completely agree that the government should enforce strict regulations to eliminate smoking in all dining places because of all these unhealthy reasons. "
"Some people say that "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country." In my view, I completely agree with this. These are some reasons why I think so.

Firstly, restaurants are public places. There are many people there also including older people and babies. Smoking causes the air unpleasure for them. Because they are very sensitive, smoking can make their health worse. Smoking also makes them breathe more difficultly and many other health problems. Therefore, smoking should be banned at all restaurants for human health.

Furthermore, people go to restaurants to desire to have delicious meals in a pleasant environment. Smoking causes unhappy feelings for individuals enjoying their meal. The employees after a long workday need time to recharge power while smoking make them more tired. Some families choose eating at restaurants to have more time talking with family members, sharing time together, and smoking is their barrier. So, I think the manager, or the owner of restaurants should set the rule no smoking.

Besides, smoking could make food worse. The food will have no original taste when having clients smoke. While the most important part of a restaurant is the quality of the food, I think we should ban smoking to make clients have better experience.

In summary, I agree with the view "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country" for reasons that I mentioned. I also hope that all the restaurants in my country will apply this rule soon because of the healthy environment. "
"Smoking has many disadvantages and risks for people's health. However, in my opinion, I believe that we can find another solution that is better than banning smoking at all restaurants in our country completely. 

Firstly, we can build another room for smoking. As can be seen, this way is applied at many restaurants and other stores all around the world. We don't need to use the negative and strict way to solve the problems, although we can do the better one. 

Secondly, if we ban smoking completely, it can affect smokers negatively. It is easy to ban it in our country, but it can receive negative comments about it from other people. It would lead to a decrease in the restaurant's revenue. 

Lastly, I think we cannot ban others smoking if we cannot ban producing cigarettes. It is hard to ban someone using if that product is still produced. Besides that, we can ban the allowance to smoke inside the restaurants, and then those people can go outside if they want to smoke. 

In conclusion, I think that we have many other solutions to do, so that we should not use the negative way is banning smoking completely at all restaurants in our country. 
"
"Whether smoking should be completely banned across all public restaurants in the country has been a topic of controversy. Some may argue that people should have the free will to do as they desire. However, I firmly agree that this practice should be banned due to many health-related issues.

Firstly, smoking can pose health risks to others, it is widely known that secondhand smoking can lead to health issues such as harming the lungs of non-smokers, causing breathing problems, and even the risk of cancer. The smoke emitted from smoking can affect restaurant visitors, even children can fall potential victims to these toxic fumes.

Secondly, smoking publicly especially in restaurants is often viewed as bad etiquette. Even without mentioning the related health issues, smoking produces an odor that is unpleasant to people around. In food and beverage places like restaurants where taste and smell are the most important criteria, this can affect the experience of others.

Lastly, banning smoking helps maintain cleanliness and hygiene in restaurants. Cigarette smoke leaves behind strong odors that linger on furniture, curtains, and carpets. Additionally, cigarette ashes and discarded cigarette butts contribute to littering, making it harder for staff to keep the environment clean. Prohibiting smoking would lead to a cleaner, more hygienic dining space.

In conclusion, smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in the country. It endangers public health, disrupts the comfort of non-smokers, and negatively affects cleanliness. Restaurants are meant to be places of enjoyment, and a smoking ban would help create a healthier and more pleasant dining experience for everyone.
"
"Smoking has been a universal phenomenon for many centuries. Many arguments about this problem have been mentioned with 2 different directions, including approval and disagreement about some prohibited laws for smoking. The question regularly for these is "Should the government ban smoking completely at all the restaurants in the country?". In my point of view, I firmly support the ban for smoking globally, not only at the restaurants in the country, and there are some reasons for this.

First and foremost, there is no denying that the smoke is really hazardous. For the direct person using this every day, this is a reason for a lot of disease for lung, heart and affected many parts of the body. especially for children and women, who even do not smoke. A lot of researchers have proven that there are many deaths per year because of smoking. 

Moreover, especially for children and women, who even do not smoke, smoking is very harmful for them when they breathe in the air. From that point, society has a humorous burden about many community problems from smoking. Disease affection and even the eco environment have been affected heavily. It means this weakness can drive the decrease of health quality of the country, not just only in the restaurants. 

In conclusion, from my perspective, I claim that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, more globally. "
"Smoking has always been a hectic issue from all over the world. This essay will discuss whether a complete ban should be applied to all the restaurants in the country or not and give my own opinion about this problem.

First and foremost, many people choose smoking to relieve their pain, and when they get stressed they need nicotine in cigarettes to make their mood better but nicotine is an addictive ingredient, which is harmful for not only their health but also others' health. In the restaurants, which are mostly built indoors. Because of that, the guests inside may not get enough fresh air and when they allow smokers in the restaurants, the non-smoking guests may get less fresh air than usual and the air is now polluted because of the smoking air relieved by the smokers and the air is not circulated properly. In addition to this, the polluted air negatively affects the normal people's health and may cause severe problems. Children's health is affected mostly because even normal adults can not suffer from that dangerous smoke. 

In conclusion, I completely agree that a complete ban on smoking in all restaurants is necessary. In a larger scale, the smokers should only smoke in restricted areas, which design for them to smoke and to prevent the negative effects for normal people and children.
"
"It is believed that smoking should be entirely forbidden in restaurants across the country. I completely agree with the statement. 

First and foremost, the act of smoking will greatly affect surrounding people at the restaurant. This is due to the fact that the smoke emitted can be harmful to many people, especially pregnant women and people with breathing problems. They can even be put in danger if they get exposed to the smoke for too long. If any unexpected situation like that happens, the managers and the staff at that restaurant will be at fault and will have to take care of the problem. Moreover, the smell of smoke can also annoy people who are trying to enjoy their meal, they might lose their appetite if the smell lingers around. As a result, they might find their experience at the restaurant bad and might not come back there again. 

Furthermore, smoking should be banned to set a boundary for smokers. This is because most smokers commit the action without noticing if they are disturbing other people, which can be really irritating. They do not care for other people's health as well as their well-being, causing other people to suffer from health problems. In most cases, smokers might not listen to the advice or reminders from surrounding people so it is important that there should be rules banning smoking for good. Such rules will ensure that people using a public service at the restaurants will not get disturbed by smoking and will also ensure that if someone violates the rule they will get a fine. 

In conclusion, I believe that there should be a rule banning the act of smoking at restaurants due to the sake of surrounding people. "
"It can easily be seen that there are some problems emerging around smoking in the public places. I totally agree with the idea to completely ban smoking at all the restaurants.

Since we have found so many methods to improve our living experiences, smoking is something that we need to consider. We all know the fact that smoking is not a good habit to maintain, it causes lung cancer and many other respiratory problems. 

Moreover, it can even cause dissatisfaction for the surrounding people because of its smell. We have heard that it even has a really harmful impact on children and women, and restaurants are the places that they don't wear masks. People all have the freedom to do things as long as they are legal, but first of all, we have to care about the others' feelings and their health, especially in public areas. Restaurants are the places where people enjoy delicious meals, thus they don't want to be bothered by people lacking of community consciousness.

In addition, it is suggested that any restaurants should invest in building more smoking areas. It is an essential thing to do, staffs and managers also need to take measures for the problems where people usually complain about, not only the food but also the atmosphere they breathe. If the restaurants can tackle this problem well, they can get a better service and gain the appreciated feedback from their customers.

In conclusion, smoking in public places such as restaurants should be banned to protect people's health."
"Many argue that smoking should be banned entirely in restaurants across the country. While I acknowledge that smoking can be harmful to both smokers and non-smokers, I believe that a complete ban is unnecessary.

On the one hand, prohibiting smoking would significantly improving public health. Non-smokers, including children and those with respiratory conditions, should not be exposed to secondhand smoke, which has been proven to cause serious health issues such as lung diseases and heart problems. Additionally, banning smoking would create a more pleasant dining environment as cigarette smoke can be offensive for many customers. This policy may also encourage to reduce their tobacco consumption, leading to long-term health benefits for society.

However, I believe that a total ban on smoking in restaurants is too extreme. Instead of completely prohibiting it, restaurants can establish separate smoking areas to accommodate both smokers and non-smokers. This approach ensures that customers who wish to smoke can do so without disturbing others. Furthermore, modern ventilation systems can be installed to minimize the impact of smoke in enclosed spaces. Many countries, such as Japan, have successfully implemented this system, allowing restaurants to cater to all customers while ensuring public safety. Furthermore, banning smoking entirely could negatively affect businesses as some customers may choose to dine elsewhere where smoking is allowed.

In conclusion, while restricting smoking in restaurants is important for public health, I believe that an absolute ban is not the best solution. Instead, creating designated smoking areas with proper ventilation can help protect non-smokers while respect the rights of smokers, which balance public health concerns with individual rights. Restaurant owners and policymakers should work together to find an approach that ensures a comfortable dining experience for all customers."
"As societal progress is undergoing, many people think that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country and I totally agree with that point of view regarding human health in the long term.

Firstly, smoking is an addicted product that should not be used for any reason, because it not only affects people surrounding them but also affects themselves. Especially in public places, where there are many children and the older, who have sensitive health, the government should be banned it at all costs. For instance, in restaurants, food can be harmed by their smoke and affect the customer's physical health such as stomach and headache.

Importantly, when the authority does not allow them to use cigarettes, users will accept their rules and establish a habit of forgetting smoking. However, banning smoking in restaurants is still not enough, government should public more strict law, especially in parks, playing area of children, and school. This can enhance the citizens' well-being and improve the air quality in the public places, for instance, if there are no one use cigarettes, children are more ready to play outdoors with friends and explore new things.

In summary, I strongly agree with the law of banning smoking in restaurants both in terms of well-being and the convenience of consumers, while the government can take more actions to deal with this problem."
"In this day and age, almost every people are informed about the disadvantages of cigarettes. Especially in restaurants, where people come to eat and drink, I strongly believe that these harmful things should not be entered.

On the one hand, I am sure that everybody knows that smoking is harmful for our health. Firstly, it brings cancer and badly affects your lungs. Many news and studies have showed that people who usually smoke has shorter life-expectancy, weaker health when they easily have serious diseases when they get older. Not only cigarettes affect the people who use it, but also the people near them. Because of that, I believe it should be officially banned in public places, especially restaurants, where there are many people, from young kids to the elderly come to have food. It is even worse when pregnant women and kids have to smell the toxic environment around it. 

On the other hand, there has been many solutions made to handle this problem. Many places now are offered a special area to smoke so that it won't affect other people. In order for this rule to be listened, the government should have an official announcement, ban the rules, hard fees for people who underestimate it.

In conclusion, I believe the idea of banning cigarettes in public places like restaurants are totally right, understandable should be widely used on over the country."
"Nowadays, it is supposed that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In my opinion, I totally agree with the above statement for some following reasons.

First, it is necessary to give a ban on smoking at public places such as restaurants in the country due to the community's health. Nicotine in cigarettes' ingredients is extremely harmful to both active and passive smokers' respiratory systems. Even worse, some people are detected to suffer from cancer after a long time of smoking and smelling the smoking fumes. When cigarettes are smoked in restaurants, there is a large amount of poisonous smoking fumes that have a bad effect on people who accidentally stay close to the smokers. 

Additionally, there are a lot of children, pregnant women and the elderly in public places like restaurants. These are the types of sensitive groups that suffer from toxic smoking fumes the most. 

Besides, it is also not suitable to allow smoking in the restaurant due to its' hygiene problem. Some smokers will throw their cigarettes in the wrong places, making the space of the restaurant become dirty.  The fumes or dust which are sometimes difficult to observe can be on the dish served to customers. 

In conclusion, I completely agree that smoking should not be allowed at all the restaurants in the country for some disadvantages such as bad effects on community's health and hygiene problems."
"To my perspective, smoking should be completely forbidden at all the culinary stores nationally. Several reasons are presented in the essay below.

First of all, smoke from cigarettes affects the atmosphere of the restaurant, as well as the mood of other customers. Sometimes it even affects the taste of the dishes. There are also some people who are allergic to the smoke, which can worsen the situation. Secondly, smoking is a private activity. Passive smoking also causes a lot of harm to our health because people who inhale smoke from cigarettes even get more serious illnesses than the smokers themselves. As a result, we could consider restricting smoking areas, so as to reduce the smoking rate and enhance a better environment for the others. 

On the other hand, smoking cannot be fully abandoned nationally. The government could provide a separated space for those who smoke, and the smokers themselves have to follow strictly the rules too. This paves a way to a healthier environment, as well as better living conditions in the country.

To sum up, smoking should undoubtedly be banned at any restaurants in our nation, in order to protect others' health issues, and to provide a more polite space for enjoying meals."
"Healthcare, including young generation or the elderly is one of the most important aspects all around the world. There are many different things can lead to bad health from food and environment. There are opinions that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants and I strongly agree with that thoughts because of lack of awareness and reduce the rate of bad health.

First of all, people's awareness may be always massive problems. At present, most restaurants or coffee shops have own space for people who want to smoke and do not affect to other people. However, there are still many people confidently smoke in restaurants which are filled by many people including young, old or even pregnant women. Furthermore, air conditioners are placed in most restaurants and it can easily delivery this bad air to other people. Besides that, the action of banning smoking may also reduce the rate of sickness relating to lung. The banning of smoking in the restaurants may lead to the inconvenience in someone's life, so they may think of giving up smoking. Moreover, people who do not smoke can also reduce the rate of having lung sickness by not breathing in unfresh air.

In conclusion, I strongly agree with ideas that smoking should be banned completely in the restaurants. Most people would be more healthy if this opinions could happen."
"I totally agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country as it is really harmful to human's health and customer's experience while using their meal.

Smoking causes problems for our respiratory system. It will make it hard for people to breathe when they are smoking or smelling the smoke for a long time. This will lead to the result that people don't have enough health to do some activities that they like such as playing sports. 

Besides, in the worst situation, they may have some illness related to their lung or lung cancer. That is the important problem that people have to pay attention to. Another reason is smoking will affect other customer's experiences. While people are eating their meal, they emerge themselves in good taste, suddenly they smell a strange smell, they will feel uncomfortable with their smell. Because of that, they won't come back to those restaurants and it will affect those restaurants. For example, people come to that restaurant because of the good smell and taste of its pizza. However, while they enjoy the smell of the pizza, the customer sitting at the next table is smoking, they are smelling the smoke instead and it leads them can't taste the meal because the smell also plays an important part in a joyful meal.

In conclusion, restaurants should ban smoking to be good for their business and customer's health.
"
v"Nowadays, smoking is still a problem of a lot of countries. This essay will show the reasons why I agree to completely forbid smoking at all the restaurants in the country. 

Smoking brings a lot of problems to not only those who smoke a lot, but also people around them. To be more specific, a profusion of researches showing that average age of people smoking and people around them is lower than those who not, because when they smoking, a lot of pollutants which can be breathed are emitted to the air. Consequently, their lungs can be damaged in a long-term. They could catch cancer too! And restaurant is the place that a lot of people come to (include children), so if smoking is not banned, their health might be affected.

In addition, people come to restaurants to eat or have a good time there, maybe they need to relax, so it is awful to smell smoke fumes. Furthermore, if smoking is not banned at restaurants, many restaurants will lose a profusion of clients who do not like smoke's smell. Consequently, some restaurants might go bankrupt because of lack of money.

In conclusion, restaurant is not a reasonable place to people to smoke there, they can go another place to smoke. Therefore, I support the idea that "Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country" thanks to the reasons I discuss above."
"In these days and age, smoking rate is increasing in a fast pace. Smoking occurs not only in the community, in house but also in the restaurants. From my perspective, I totally agree that banning smoking at all the restaurants in the nation because of some reasons. 
	
First of all, restaurants are a common destination for people to have meals and enjoy their life.  Smoking in such a public place like that can bring several harmful diseases for people such as lung cancer, cough and sick. For example, if at that restaurant has babies, they are able to feel unwell because they have to breathe the toxic fume and they can easily cry all the time,  which makes the space be full of noise. 
	
The second reason is that smoking can make the environment be more and more polluted. Smokers tend to waste the cigarettes on the floor or waste them wherever they want. It is clear to see that this can make the beauty of the restaurant decrease. Therefore, all the restaurants should ban smoking for a better society.
	
To sum up, I am totally in agreement with the statement that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the nation."
"It is suggested that restaurants should forbid any kind of smoking as it is harmful to other guests and affect the eating experience. However, not only I slightly support the suggestion, but also believe that there are more practical solutions to smoking rather than just ban smoking completely.

Beginning with customers' experience, it is not pleasure for anyone to be inhaling smoke from smoker while enjoying their meal. Not to mention the effects on health of non-smokers might get when indirectly inhale the smoke, causing some lung diseases, it also degrades the eating experience of the customers when they can not fully taste and smell their food. Consequently, restaurants might get some bad impression, or simply not getting the desired commend that they have been serving for. Therefore, by forbidding smoking, restaurants are guaranteed to indirectly enhance their serving quality.

On the other hand, it is not always necessary to completely ban smoking. Restaurants can organize smoking areas allowing people to smoke without disturbing other customers. Moreover, this will potentially leave a good impression on guests' experiences, from non-smokers to smokers, as the restaurants can satisfy their guests' demand. Another alternative is to divide restaurants into sections that allow and do not allow smoking, with air filters applied to both sections. This way, customers can be pleased whether they desire to smoke while eating or not.

To conclude, banning smoking is a solution, but not necessarily the most optimal one for restaurants, as there are many other ways which ensure restaurants to make their best revenue and provide customers the finest experience."
"Nowadays, restaurants are the popular destinations for people to spend their time at weekend. It is believed that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. From my point of view, I completely agree with that statement because smoking is harmful for our health and even cause bad damage to other people around us.

Firstly, restaurants are the places that are crowded and people especially families come to it a lot. At weekend, the number of households choose restaurants as a place to have lunch and dinner are high so that is why smoking should be banned at that places. Women who are pregnant or children could face many terrible illness if they communicate with or have a seat near smokers.

Second, the policy that ban smoking at the restaurants could make a positive affect on our life. If they don't have the permission to smoke in the restaurants, they could minimize their time spending on smoking and sometimes give up that action gradually. For example, the number of people who smoke maybe partly reduced so that the quality of air could be improved considerably.

In conclusion, I believe that government should ban smoking at all the restaurants to reduce the number of people who smoke and protect others from illness caused by smoke."
"It is suggested that restaurants should holistically ban people from smoking.  I completely agree with this opinion for the following reasons.

Granted, smoking should not be accepted in any restaurants due to its negative impacts. This is predicated on the fact that smoking is scientifically proven to bring detrimental impacts on people's health, not only the ones who smoke but also people staying around, suffering from this unpleasant and harmful smoke. Moreover, there is a large number of people including children and pregnant women coming to restaurants per day. If these women and kids endure from smoking for a long period of time, their health will deteriorate,  facing the risks of having serious diseases, such as lung cancer, or respiratory problems. 

Nevertheless, one might argue that smoking is people's right, thus it should be accepted regardless of place or situation. This line of reasoning, however, is flawed as it fails to take restaurants into consideration. This is is the place where people can sit back and relax, enjoy not only delicous food but also spend time with their beloved ones with peaceful and luxurious atmosphere. Having smoke in this area will definitely ruin the experience of the customers due to its unpleasant smell and the fear of the mentioned health drawbacks. If restaurants continue to allow people to freely smoke, it can discourage others to come back in the future, as well as these businesses will gain less customers and profits, posing risks to their survival in the long run.

In conclusion, it is advised that restaurants prevent people from smoking due to its harmful and unexpected effects on not only customers' health and experience but also the restaurants' development. "
"I strongly agree with the statement as the essay shows my point of view.

First of all, restaurant is the place where people usually need to pay a high price in order to have nice dishes in a convenient space that have good smell of foods, waiters and so on. Therefore, smoking makes a bad consequence of smells to anyone who is in the restaurant. Because when people smoke in a convenient space like restaurant, bad smells from their mouths would make the other people in restaurant inconvenient and even worse when the polluted air in the restaurant have some bad chemical elements that makes diseases to all of individuals in the restaurant, especially children.

Furthermore, smoking should be banned in restaurant because not only the infected air to the people, smoking from a high-position person would lead the lower ones feel that smoking is a normal activity of high-position figures so they have to smoke if they want to be seen as a successful person. As a consequence, more people start to smoke which makes more smoking-addicted figures, leading to a society where smoking is a difficult problem to solve.

In conclusion, smoking in the restaurant should be strongly banned because of its effects to the group of people and the whole society."
""It is advisable that all the restaurants in the country impose a ban on smoking" some people believe. From my varying perspectives, I am in agreement with this statement due to its various advantages to overall well-being of customers and people in the restaurants.
 
By applying this smoking ban on a large scale, many restaurants can promote their business image in terms of clean and healthy space for all customers. This is because the smell of smoking tobacco or cigarettes is uncomfortable and by the way it also does harm to the health of many surrounding people in the restaurants, so banning smoking can assure all customers about a clean and ideal place for them to eat or drink here. As a result, in the long run the restaurants can attract more target customers to come and experience wonderful services in their own restaurants.
 
It is undeniable that the prohibition of irresponsible smoking in all the restaurants will minimize the risk of catching or causing fire in these ones. It is reported that there are many fire–related accidents due to littering used cigarettes or tobaccos irresponsibly in many restaurants, so if the law of banning smoking comes into effect, there will be no occurrences of these accidents in the restaurants. In the long term, customers will feel safe and secure when they choose restaurants to hold a party or just celebrate some memorable occasions.
 
In conclusion, I fully agree with the suggestion that smoking should be prohibited at all the restaurants in the country due to its undeniable outstanding plus points mentioned above.
 "
"I completely agree with the statement that smoking should be forbidden in restaurants in the country. 

The odour smog coming from cigarettes, cigars can negatively affect surrounding people trying to use their meals, and the toxic fume is infamous for harmful impacts on human health. Being in an enclosed restaurant with smokers surely is not a pleasant experience for non-smokers.

Smoking is not only harmful to the smokers but everyone around them that inhales the smog. The respiratory system in a human body, or any other creatures, when inhaling smoke may be vulnerable to serious illness. There may be people who are more vulnerable to the smoke of cigarettes in the restaurants like children, pregnant women, people with lung diseases, the elderly, and more. Not everyone's immune system is as capable of dealing with the smoke.

The odour from smoking can remain in the air and in the furniture of a restaurant, thus creating a negative atmosphere. You should not be smelling any weird smells in a decent restaurant, anyway. There also lies fire hazards with smoking. Throwing away cigarettes carelessly, with flammable materials in contact, can cause a fire affecting the safety of everyone in the building. 

In summary, people's lives must be prioritized and kept protected at all times, at any places in the country."
"Nowadays, many people think that restaurants should forbidden smoking in their places. I strongly agree with this opinion. There are two main reasons why smoking should be banned.

Firstly, smoking affects not only the ones who smoke but also people around them. Smoke from the cigarettes contains lots of harmful substances which can cause severe health diseases. The effects of it is extremely worse when pregnant woman is the one who breathes it. Harmful chemicals from the smoke could lead to changes in the genes, and over time, the baby would be born being handicapped or extremely ill. 

Secondly, air pollution could be caused by smoking, especially restaurants which use air conditioners. They have to close all the door in order to keep the temperature low, and if someone smokes, the whole room could smell it. Although some restaurants do have smoking areas, there are still many cases that they forget to close the door or the smoke could get in through small holes. 

To conclude, people find that restaurants should not allow smoking, and I totally agree with this idea. By banning smoking, other people could have a fresh air to enjoy their meal and the people who smoke themselves might gain health benefits.  "
"	On one hand, the matter of social welfare piques my interest. To begin with, a nationwide ban on smoking in restaurants is certains to do wonders to people’s health. This rids their minds of any illness-induced distractions. As a result, their focus is greatly enhanced, and their tasks are bound to be done at a smooth pace. Such unimpeded progress stands a great chance of improving the well-being of the whole society. Also notable is how a total smoking prohibition in restaurants considerably adds to a country’s positive reputation. Being well-known in a good way like so makes it easier for a nation to attract investors. Their tax base is thereby sure to be enlarged, and with it their capacity to finance public projects With such investments,the whole nation stand to boost their wellness by leaps and bounds. Truly, ridding all restaurants in a nation of smoking benefits it greatly in terms of societal welfare.

	On the other hand, the opposition has often put forth the notion that a nationwide restaurant smoking ban entail unbearable financial costs. Therefore, it is guaranteed to drive the society to ruins. However, it has little basis in reality. Banning smoking, as with all public projects, are always attempted with prior carefully crafted plans. These ensure that all aspects of the venture are tightly controlled. With such attention, it is a given that financial burdens never go beyond workable limits. Another often overlooked point is that even if large costs do exist, they push a government into various different situations. This serves the purpose of widening their background, giving them the intellectual depth needed to assess their positives and negatives. As a result of this reflection, their capacity to improve their nation is considerably accelerated. This means that banning smoking is of great assistance to rejuvenating society. "
"In this modern day, smoking is becoming more common among the young generation.However, it has negative health consequences for both the smoker and anyone else who inhales the smoke. Many people support and oppose the idea that smoking in public should be banned but I believe that smoking in public cannot be completely banned.
For starter, some people feel unpleasant when taking away their right to smoke. They believe that such a ban would violate their right. Secondly, people against the ban on smoking in public areas say that cigarettes are sold and advertised publicly, and banning them will not make any difference. Finally, it will be costly to ban public smoking and impose new regulations. As a result, they believe that the best solution is to separate active smokers from the general public. 
On the other hand, people who support to ban smoking in public have their own reasons to state. Firstly, smoking has a negative impact on your health. The most common cause of lung cancer is smoking cigarette. Active smokers are also more likely to develop tuberculosis and heart problems. Although the symptoms may appear gradually, they eventually lead to a major crisis. It affects not only the smoker, but also those around him. Both active and passive smokers can be effected, which calls for widespread support for a ban on smoking in public places. Secondly, it can leave bad influence to the young. As you know, smoking habits are frequently influenced by peer and colleague groups. When one spends a significant amount of time around smokers, it is very easy to pick up the habit especially teenagers. Hence, smoking should be banned in public areas to avoid such negative influences. 
In summary, I believe there should be designated smoking areas in public places. Bus stops, shopping malls, restaurants, and offices must all have separate smoking areas to ensure that addicted smokers are not harmed or affect to other people.
"
"
The debate over smoking in restaurants is complex and involves various public health, business, and personal freedom considerations. From my perspective, I think the government should ban smoking in public because It can badly affect people, especially children. It is harmful to general health and upset many people.
     
      To begin with, Non-Smoking will decrease the money that man must pay for. They don't have to pay more fees for this consumption this month. They will have the rest of the budget to use in other ambitions. Banned smoking will create a better environment for the public so on.
     Furthermore, a smoking ban in restaurants can be seen as a societal commitment to promoting healthier lifestyles. It also offers a level playing field for all dining establishments, as no restaurant would be at a disadvantage in enforcing a smoke-free environment. This policy can also encourage smokers to reduce or quit smoking, which could lead to long-term health benefits for the population. 
      On the other hand, This will cause a deficit for the smoking industry sector and The government. This is bad input so I would not concern about this.
     In conclusion, it would be important to explore these arguments, examine the evidence from jurisdictions where smoking bans have been implemented, and consider the ethical implications of such a policy. The essay could also investigate the economic impact of smoking bans on restaurants, drawing on case studies and statistical data. Ultimately, the essay should provide a balanced view, acknowledging the complexities of individual rights and public health concerns, while making a persuasive case for the proposed ban based on the evidence available."
"Several arguments have arisen among people about the topic that every domestic restaurant must prohibit smoking. From my perspective, I strongly agree that smoking should not be allowed in all restaurants because of these following reasons. 
Firstly, smoking cigarettes in restaurants is harmful to not only the smoker but also the people around. Such public places as  restaurants have a large number of people with different health conditions, so toxic materials of smoke can easily cause them risk of lung diseases.In a restaurant serving a variety of customers of all ages,for example, they can passively inhale the smoke that worsen their health status, especially children and old people. 
Secondly, smoking in restaurants or other public areas can set a bad example of unhealthy behavior for their descendants . Obviously, one of the main reasons for the increase in the number of young people being addicted to smoking cigarettes or POD is that they constantly come across this action in family and crowded places like restaurants. For instance, if the adults do not smoke in restaurants or other locations , the younger generation will not be curious and imitate them. 
In conclusion, principles need to be implemented to totally ban smoking in restaurants due to this bad habit being the main cause of various diseases, deaths and fires. "
"

I completely agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking not only harms the health of the smoker but also affects the people nearby through secondhand smoke. In public places like restaurants, everyone should have the right to breathe clean air.

Many people, including children, the elderly, and those with health problems, go to restaurants to enjoy meals in a comfortable environment. If smoking is allowed, it can ruin their experience and even pose health risks. Secondhand smoke is known to cause serious health problems such as lung cancer, heart disease, and asthma, especially in non-smokers who are exposed to it regularly.

In addition, a smoke-free environment improves the overall atmosphere of a restaurant. The air smells fresher, the furniture stays cleaner, and the place becomes more welcoming to all types of customers. Many studies show that banning smoking in restaurants does not harm business; in fact, it can attract more customers who prefer healthy and clean surroundings.

Some people argue that smokers have the right to smoke, but personal freedom should not come at the cost of others’ health. Smokers can smoke in designated areas outside, where it does not affect non-smokers.

In conclusion, banning smoking in all restaurants is necessary to protect public health and create a better dining environment for everyone.

"
"I totally agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants. Smoking is bad for health, not only for smokers but also for people around them. When someone smokes in a restaurant, the smoke spreads in the air and makes others feel uncomfortable or even sick. Many people go to restaurants to relax and enjoy food, so the environment should be clean and healthy.

Futhermore, smoking makes the air smell bad and the place look dirty. The smoke can stay in the air, on the walls, and even on the furniture. It is not good for children or old people who may have health problems. A smoke-free restaurant is a better place for everyone.

Some people say restaurants can have smoking areas, but I don’t think it works. Smoke can still go to other areas, especially in places with air conditioners. So the only way to solve this problem is to ban smoking completely inside restaurants.

In conclusion, I believe smoking should be completely banned in restaurants. This way, people can enjoy their meals in a clean and safe space, and it helps protect everyone’s health, not just the smokers themselves."
"I think smoking should be ban in all restaurant in the country. Smoking is bad for health. Not only for people who smoke, but also for other people near them. In restaurant, many people want to eat and relax. If someone smoking, the air become smell bad and it is not good for eat.
Also, many family go out to eat with childrens. Smoking near kids is very bad. It can make them sick. Even if you don't smoke, you still breath the smoke from other people. This is not fair. People should not be force to smell smoke when they go restaurant. If smoking is not allow in restaurant, more people will like to go there. The place will be more clean and fresh. Smoker can go outside if they want to smoke. It not hard to do that. Some country already ban smoking in public place and it works good. Some people maybe say it’s their right to smoke, but other people have right to clean air too. In public place, health of many people is more importent than one person.
So, I agree that smoking should be completely ban in every restaurant. It is better for health, for family, and for everyone."
"I completely agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants. While some may argue that smokers have the right to smoke, the health and comfort of the general public should come first, especially in shared spaces like restaurants.

Firstly, smoking in restaurants exposes non-smokers, including children and elderly people, to secondhand smoke. This is harmful and can lead to serious health problems such as asthma, lung disease, or even cancer. Everyone has the right to enjoy a meal in a clean and healthy environment without being forced to breathe in toxic smoke.

Secondly, the smell of cigarette smoke can ruin the dining experience for many people. Food and smoke don’t go well together. Even if restaurants have smoking and non-smoking sections, the smoke often spreads and affects everyone. A complete ban would ensure a more pleasant atmosphere for all customers.

Moreover, restaurant staff should also be protected. Many workers spend long hours in these environments, and being constantly exposed to smoke is unfair and unsafe. A smoking ban would help protect their health and well-being.

In conclusion, smoking in restaurants poses health risks, creates discomfort, and affects both customers and employees. For the sake of public health and a better dining experience, it makes sense to ban smoking completely in all restaurants."
"Scientists have long shown that cigarettes are harmful to the body and human health. This is because smoking is harmful not only to the smokers but also to the people around them. Therfore, I strongly agree that smoking should be prohibited in all restaurants. 

Firstly, smoking in public places like restaurants affects surrounding people. Many people, including children and the elderly, go to restaurants to enjoy their meals. If someone smokes near them, they will breathe in second-hand smoke, which is very dangerous for their health. It can cause breathing problems, allergies, and even serious diseases like cancer. 

Secondly, smoking creates an unpleasant environment. The smell of smoke can ruin the taste and enjoyment of food. Also, it makes the air dirty and uncomfortable for non-smokers. In a clean and healthy restaurant, customers will feel more relaxed and happy.

Some people may say that smokers also have the right to enjoy their meals. However, their right should not hurt the health of others. There are many other places where people can smoke without disturbing others. Restaurants should be smoke-free zones for the safety and comfort of all customers.

In conclusion, I believe smoking should not be allowed in any restaurant. Banning smoking in these places will help protect public health and make restaurants more comfortable for everyone."
"I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants. This rule protects public health and improves the dining experience.

First of all, second-hand smoke is very harmful. Non-smokers, including children and elderly people, may suffer from breathing problems, allergies, or other health issues when exposed to smoke. Restaurants are public places where people come to eat and relax, so everyone should feel safe and comfortable. Second, banning smoking helps keep the environment clean. Smoke leaves a bad smell on furniture and clothes. It also creates ash and cigarette butts that staff have to clean. A smoke-free restaurant is fresher, more pleasant, and more attractive to customers.

Some people may think that smoking is a personal choice. However, personal choices should not affect the health of others. Smokers can smoke in areas outside the restaurant without disturbing anyone. In addition, many countries around the world have already banned smoking in restaurants, and it has shown positive results. More people enjoy going out to eat, and the number of smoking-related health problems has gone down.

In conclusion, banning smoking in restaurants is a good policy. It protects non-smokers, keeps the environment clean, and makes restaurants more enjoyable for everyone."
"I completely agree that smoking should be prohibited in all restaurants throughout the nation. Such a regulation is beneficial to individuals' health and improves dining experience for all.

First of all, prohibiting smoking in restaurants maintains the customers' and employees' health. That is to say, passive smoke is dangerous and has the potential to cause severe issues such as lung cancer and heart disease. When eating areas allow smoking, non-smokers, including children or pregnant women, are forced to face these risks. For instance, I once visited a restaurant that permitted smoking. There, the scent of tobacco made it difficult for me to appreciate my food because I was concerned about my health and other people.

On top of that, the restaurant environment can be improved through a smoking ban. Restaurants are where individuals dine to relax, but cigarette smoke spoils this. Cigarette smoke alters the flavor of food and makes it inconvenient for most individuals. A smoking ban allows all individuals, regardless of their preferences, to dine in comfort and joy.

To conclude, it is all about keeping individuals healthy and having a nice place to dine. Smokers can claim that they have rights, but other people's health and the reason why restaurants are for families are far more significant."
"I strongly agree that smoking should be completely prohibited at all restaurants in the country. This is because smoking not only harms the smoker but also affects the health of other people nearby.
First, secondhand smoke is dangerous. When people smoke in restaurants, others are forced to breathe in the smoke, even if they do not smoke themselves. This can cause health problems like lung disease, asthma, and even cancer. Restaurants are public places where families, children, and elderly people eat, and everyone has the right to breathe clean air.
Second, banning smoking in restaurants can improve the overall dining experience. The smell of smoke can ruin the taste and smell of food. Many customers feel uncomfortable eating near someone who is smoking. If restaurants are completely smoke-free, more people will enjoy going out to eat and feel more relaxed.
Third, allowing smoking can damage the restaurant’s image. Today, more people care about health and a clean environment. A smoke-free restaurant looks more modern and responsible. It also shows that the owners care about their customers and staff.
In conclusion, smoking should be banned in all restaurants to protect people’s health and create a better atmosphere for everyone. A complete ban will lead to cleaner air, happier customers, and a healthier country.

"
"I completely agree that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants across the country. There are several important reasons to support this opinion.
Firstly, smoking in restaurants is harmful to the health of non-smokers. When people smoke indoors, especially in closed spaces like restaurants, the smoke spreads and affects everyone around. Secondhand smoke can cause serious health problems, including breathing difficulties, allergies, and even cancer. It is unfair for customers and workers to be exposed to these risks while simply enjoying a meal or doing their job.
Secondly, banning smoking helps create a cleaner and more pleasant dining environment. The smell of smoke often ruins the taste and smell of food, making the dining experience less enjoyable. Many people find the smoke unpleasant, and it can leave strong odors on clothes and hair. A smoke-free environment ensures that everyone can enjoy their time without discomfort.
In conclusion, smoking in restaurants should not be allowed because it harms others, creates an unpleasant atmosphere, and goes against global health trends. A complete ban is the right choice for a healthier and more enjoyable society."
"It is often argued that allowing smoking in restaurants infringes upon the health and comfort of non‐smokers. I strongly agree that smoking should be prohibited in all eateries nationwide.

First, making restaurants entirely smoke-free protects both patrons and staff. Secondhand smoke carries numerous toxins that can cause lung and heart disease. No one is forced to inhale these harmful substances. Therefore, employees who spend long hours inside avoid chronic health issues, which means fewer sick days and lower medical costs.

Secondly, creating smoke‐free venues can encourage smokers to rethink their habits.  When people must step outside to smoke, they become more conscious of how frequently they light up. Research indicates that such inconvenience can motivate individuals to cut down or even quit, yielding long‐term public health benefits. Thus, this policy not only protects non‐smokers but also serves as a subtle deterrent against tobacco dependence.

In addition, making venues entirely smoke-free can lead smokers to reassess their habits. When they have to go outside for a cigarette, they become more aware of how often they light up. Studies show that this small inconvenience can prompt people to cut back or even quit, delivering lasting public health benefits. In this way, the ban not only protects non-smokers but also quietly discourages tobacco dependence.

In conclusion, implementing a nationwide ban on smoking in restaurants is essential. It preserves the health of the public and workers, enhances the dining experience, and supports smokers in reducing their tobacco consumption. Although smokers may feel inconvenienced, the advantages to society as a whole far outweigh any minor discomfort."
"In my opinion, smoking should be totaly banned in all the restaurants in the country. There are many reasons for this, and I believe it will make everyone better if this happen.
First of all, smoking is very bad for health. Not only the person who smokes but also the people around them are effected. When people eat in restaurants, they want to enjoy the food, not to breath in dirty smoke. I think it is not fair for nonsmokers to suffer.
Secondly, smoking makes the place smell bad. The smell of cigarette can stay in the air, on the chair, and even on the food. That is very gross, and I don’t want to eat food that smell like smoke. Many people will agree with me about this.
Some people said that smokers have right too, and we should allow them to smoke in some parts of the restaurant. But I think that is not good idea because the smoke still goes every where. It is very hard to control that. So it is better to just ban it all together.
In conclusion, I strongly agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants. It is for the good of everyone’s health and comfort. If we do that, restaurants will be more clean and friendly to everyone"
"I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. There are strong reasons to support this idea, especially for the health and comfort of other people.

First of all, smoking in restaurants can affect other customers, including children and elderly people. Even if someone is not smoking directly, they can still breathe in the smoke, which is very harmful. Many studies show that secondhand smoke can cause serious health problems like lung cancer or heart disease. Therefore, banning smoking in restaurants can protect public health.

Second, the smell of smoke can make other customers uncomfortable. When people go to restaurants, they want to enjoy their food in a clean and pleasant environment. The smell of cigarette smoke can ruin the taste of food and the overall experience. Non-smokers especially may choose not to return to a restaurant if smoking is allowed.

However, some people may argue that smokers should have the freedom to smoke. I believe they can still do so outside the restaurant or in special smoking areas that do not affect others.

In conclusion, banning smoking in all restaurants is a good decision. It protects people’s health and creates a more comfortable space for everyone. Restaurants should be places for relaxing and enjoying food, not for breathing harmful smoke."
"I agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants. This is important for two main reasons: to protect people’s health and to create a more clean image for the restaurant.

First, smoking affects health badly. When someone smokes in a restaurant, the smoke goes into the air and other people have to breathe it in. This is called secondhand smoke, and it can hurt people who don’t even smoke. It can cause cough, headache, or even serious diseases. If we stop people from smoking in restaurants, everyone will be healthier.

Second, banning smoking helps build a more modern and polite image. Restaurants are public places where families, friends, and workers come to relax and enjoy food. If the air is full of smoke, it feels dirty and uncomfortable. A restaurant that is clean and smoke-free shows respect to customers and gives a better feeling. It also makes the restaurant look more professional and friendly.

In conclusion, smoking should not be allowed in restaurants. It helps protect our health and makes the place feel cleaner and more welcoming for everyone."
I think smoking is not good. When people smoking, they make the air dirty and it is bad for health.  I worry about health problems when I have to be around people smoke. Many people don’t smoke but still need to breath the smoke when they go to eat, it is not fair for them. Specially children and old people can sick because of smoke. So I agree smoking should not allow in restaurant. When someone smoke in restaurant, the smell is very strong and other people don’t like it. It make the food not taste good anymore. Sometime the smoke go to the clothes and hair of customer and they feel angry. Restaurant is place to relax and enjoy food, not for smoke. Some people say smoking is freedom and they can do what they want. But I think freedom is good only when it not hurt other people. Smoke in public place is not private thing, it make other people danger too.In conclusion, I believe smoking should ban in all restaurant in the country. People can still smoke but not in place where many people eat. It is better for health, for clean air, and for everyone to feel comfort and happy when go out. Another way is to have a separate eating area for people who smoke
"Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I strongly agree with this statement because smoking harms people’s health, ruins the dining atmosphere, and affects non-smokers’ rights.

Firstly, secondhand smoke is very dangerous. Even people who do not smoke can suffer from serious health problems, such as lung disease, asthma, or cancer, just by inhaling smoke from others. Restaurants are public places where many families, including children and the elderly, go to eat. Allowing smoking in these spaces puts their health at risk. A complete ban would protect both customers and restaurant staff.

Secondly, smoking creates an unpleasant environment for dining. The smell of smoke can spoil the taste of food and make others uncomfortable. People go to restaurants to relax and enjoy their meals. Smoke in the air not only affects air quality but also makes the experience less enjoyable for everyone, especially non-smokers.

Lastly, banning smoking in restaurants respects the rights of non-smokers. While smokers may claim they have the right to smoke, it should not affect other people’s well-being. In shared spaces, everyone deserves to breathe clean air. Therefore, protecting public health must come before personal habits.

In conclusion, banning smoking in all restaurants is a necessary step. It ensures a safer, healthier, and more pleasant environment for everyone. For the benefit of the majority, smoking should not be allowed in any restaurant in the country."
"     I strongly agree that smoking must be banned in all restaurants. Everyone deserves clean air while eating.
     Health is the biggest reason. Secondhand smoke causes asthma, lung cancer, and heart disease. Non-smokers—especially kids, elderly people, or pregnant women—shouldn’t breathe dangerous chemicals because others choose to smoke.
     Comfort matters too. Smoke ruins meals: it makes food taste bad, hurts your eyes, and sticks to clothes. Most people hate smelling smoke while eating. Why should one person’s habit spoil everyone’s experience?
     Some restaurant owners fear losing business, but studies prove this wrong. Places like New York or London saw no drop in customers after bans. In fact, more families and health-conscious people go out to eat when air is clean.
     Workers also benefit. Waiters and chefs spend hours indoors. They shouldn’t risk their health just to do their jobs.
     ""Smoking sections"" don’t work. Smoke travels everywhere, and ventilation can’t stop it. Only a full ban protects everyone.
     In short, banning smoking keeps diners healthy, makes meals enjoyable, and protects workers. It’s necessary and overdue."
"These days, smoking in public places is still a big issue in many countries. Some people think that smoking should be totally banned in all restaurants. I completely agree with this idea for a few important reasons.
To begin with, smoking in restaurants affects other people who don’t smoke. When someone lights a cigarette, the smoke spreads around and everyone breathes it in, even if they didn’t choose to. This can cause health problems like coughing or even serious diseases. I think it’s unfair that non-smokers have to suffer just because someone wants to smoke.
Moreover, restaurants are places where people come to enjoy their food and relax. If there’s smoke in the air, the food doesn’t taste good and the atmosphere becomes uncomfortable. Some people even leave the restaurant early or never come back. That’s not good for business. Owners may lose customers just because they allow smoking in their place.
However, I understand that smokers might feel the ban is too strict. They want to enjoy their meals too. But they can always go outside or to special smoking areas. That is more fair for everyone. Restaurant should care about the health of most customers.
In addition, second-hand smoke are just as dangerous as direct smoking. People with kids or elderly family members might avoid going to restaurants completely if smoking is allowed. 
In conclusion, I believe smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants. It protect people’s health and creates a better dining experience for everyone."
"I partly agree that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants. As someone who enjoys going out to eat with friends and family, I believe that a clean, smoke-free environment makes the experience much more comfortable and enjoyable. The smell of smoke can ruin the taste of food and make people feel uneasy, especially non-smokers or children.

Health is also a major concern. Even if someone doesn’t smoke, breathing in secondhand smoke can still harm their lungs and increase their risk of disease. Restaurants are public places where people of all ages gather. Everyone has the right to enjoy their meals without being exposed to harmful substances in the air.

That said, I also understand that smoking is a personal habit for many people. Instead of a complete ban, maybe restaurants could offer separate, outdoor smoking areas far from the main dining space. This would allow smokers to have their space while still protecting others.

In the end, I support the idea of smoke-free restaurants, but I also believe in finding a solution that respects both public health and individual freedom. A balanced approach would make dining out more pleasant and safer for everyone."
"I completely agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. This policy is crucial for maintaning public health and  ensuring the comfort of all customers. 
First, Exposure to second-hand smoke poses significant health risks to fellow customers. Studies have shown that exposure to second-hand smoke can increase the risk of respiratory problems or even lung cancer within non-smokers. By smoking at a restaurants, the smokers is not just willfully harming themselves but also endangers the health of childrens, the elderly or the staffs who are likely present within the resturants at all times. 
Second, smoking bans discourage smoking and thus contribute to a cleaner enviroment overall. Cigar and cigarette butts are a consistent sources of litter, further still burning cigar and cigarette butts inherent introduce an additional risk of fire within a resturant. 
Third, smoking ruins both the appetiate and palate of its smokers as well as fellow customers. Smoking dulls the smoker sense of taste by decreasing taste sensitivity. Further cigarette smoke is very unpleasant to and ruin the taste of food for non-smokers.
Some may argue that smokers have the inherently freedom to smoke whenever they wants, whereever they wants. I agree with the fact that smokers have the right to smoke whenever they wants, however this right should not come at the cost of others health and comfort.
In conclusion, prohibiting smoker from smoking in restaurants is a step toward improving public health, creating a better enviroment for diners, minimizie the risks of tragedy occuring from fire occuring in restaurants."
"Smoking in public places has always been a controversial topic in recent years. For the statement that smoking should not be allowed in all the restaurants in the country, I totally agree for some following reasons.
First and foremost, smoking is harmful. It is not only harmful to the one who smokes, but also to the ones who are around them. Especially, the health of children and pregnant people. Many research has found that, the smell of cigarette smoke can lead to dangerous disease like cancer. Moreover, the negative effects of smoking would be long-lasting, not only for the time we spent in the restaurant. With a high frequency of smelling the smoke, infants might also experience negative effects. Secondly, the smell of cigarette smoke will decrease the pleasure and willingness to taste dishes. This will be more severe for restaurants with air conditioning. Last but not least, most people smoke in public places are smoke in restaurants. If smoking can be completely banned in all restaurants, this would reduce the number of smokers. Therefore, the number of people who have dangerous diseases that related to lungs will also fall.
To conclude, smoking is extremely harmful to health. If it is banned in all restaurants, this would be a good solution to improve the health of the citizens. 
"
"I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants across the country. 
First of all, smoking is harmful to everyone, not just the person who’s smoking. There are many people—including kids, the elderly, and people with health conditions—who can be seriously affected just by sitting near someone who smokes. My uncle used to smoke a lot, even when we went out to eat and later he developed serious lung problems. It taken him a long time to recover. 
Secondly, smoking ruins the atmosphere. Imagine going to a nice restaurant, ordering your favorite dish, and then having the smell of smoke floating over from the next table. It completely kills the mood and the flavor of the food. Restaurants are about food, not fumes.
Also, restaurant staff shouldn’t have to work in smoky environments. They’re there for hours every day, and their health matters too. Banning smoking protects not just customers, but workers as well.
In conclusion, banning smoking in all restaurants is the right move. It protects people’s health, keeps the environment cleaner, and makes dining out more enjoyable for everyone."
From my point of view, smoking should be totally banned at all the food and beverages supply service in the country. Basicly, smoking is nothing but causing people to be sick and die slowly day by day. Firstly, restaurant is the place where people having meals, enjoy their food during the day and take care of their health, there is no way cigarettes smell should be there and affect their health and satisfaction of having food. Secondly, not all the restaurants have wide space and windows, smoking fumes can cause the other people around to be sick and can’t enjoy the meals completely. Thirdly, allowing smoking in restaurants might cause the business to deal with more problems like keeping the space clean and fresh, creating some other rooms for customers who want to smoke and having a special rules for them who smoke. Last but not least, restaurants that don’t allow smoking could contribute to the project against cigarettes. Therefore, it is completely suitable and reasonable to ban smoking in the restaurants. Not to protect the general space for customers, but also to reduce the workload of the food and beverages business.
"Over the past few years, there has been a debate of whether or not the public should ban completely at all the restaurants in the country.  Some may disagree with that idea because they believe that it is the invasion of privacy. From my point of view, I agree that it is urgent to have a strict rule to ban smoking at all restaurants in the country.

First and foremost, smoking not only does harm to the individual but also to the people around him or her. Many scientific research has pointed out that the chemical in tobacco has an adverse influence on the respiratory system as well as cardiovascular system. If an individual has this bad habit for a long time, he or she has a potential to catch up with some dangerous disease like cancer or tuberculosis. Specifically, it has a bad influence on pregnant women and her babies. Moreover, restaurant is a public space, so its emission can spread rapidly to many people in the short term.

Secondly, another basis to completely ban smoking in restaurants is to preserve the quality of dining experience. The smell of cigarette smoke can ruin the taste of food and drink quickly, which makes it unpleasant for other diners. Taking my experience last week as an example, when I went to a Korean restaurant to take part in my friend’s birthday, a man smoking beside my table made us feel extremely annoyed and we had to change our place immediately. As a result, in a smoke-free environment, customers can fully enjoy the flavors of their food. 

 Taking all of the aforementioned ideas into consideration, launching a campaign to set a rule to abandon smoking at restaurants is very urgent nowadays."
"In my opinion, smoking should be perfectly prohibited at all the restaurants around the country. Such a policy would brings numerous positive benefits from health, environment, society for both customers and restaurants’ staff.
First and foremost, a non-smoking environment protects public health. Scientific studies have shown that smoking is not only harmful to smokers’ health, but also is extremely destructive to secondhand smokers, increasing their risk of respiratory diseases, heart problems and even cancer. When people dine out, all expect to enjoy meals in a fresh and clean restaurant, not to be exposed to harmful substances.
Secondly, banning smoking in restaurants creates more pleasant dining experience of customers. The smell of smoke can easily ruin the taste of food and make the atmosphere uncomfortable, especially for families with children, the elderly and the pregnant women. A totally smoking’s ban would ensure that everyone can enjoy their meals without any disturbances. Banning smoking not only protects customers’ health but also make sure the well-being of thousands of workers in restaurants.
In conclusion, I strongly support a complete ban on smoking in all restaurants. It is a necessary step to protect public health, ensure a better dining environment, safeguard workers, and encourage healthier living for everyone.
"
In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, the smoke is really harmful especially to secondhand smokers. The smokers not only do harm to themself but also to everyone around them. A number of studies demonstrate that smoke-free regulations enhance the quality of the air in local areas and reduce the risk of heart attacks. In restaurants, where families come to have lunch or dinner and maybe there are also babies coming with them. This smoke can do harm to the healthy baby who doesn't have enough resistance. Beside that, the workers will also breathe the air that is full of smoke. Protecting these workers also helps reduce public health costs and ensures a safer workplace. Many people think that a smoking ban will reduce revenue of some related industries but it also reduces the number of deaths caused by smoking and diseases such as cancer. Furthermore, smoking is also one of the main causes of fires caused by sparks. Smokers are careless in putting out their cigarettes and this leads to fires and worse, injuries. In conclusion, a complete smoking ban in restaurants not only improves health and environment, but also boosts customer satisfaction, saves costs, and promotes positive long-term cultural change.
"I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants across the country, as it poses serious health risks to non-smokers, creates an unpleasant dining experience, and undermines public health efforts.

To begin with, secondhand smoke is a major health hazard. Numerous studies have shown that exposure to smoke, even for a short period, can lead to respiratory problems, heart disease, and even cancer in non-smokers. Restaurants are public spaces where people, including children and the elderly, gather to enjoy meals. Allowing smoking in such environments puts innocent people at risk simply for choosing to dine out.

In addition, smoking in restaurants creates an uncomfortable and often offensive atmosphere. The smell of smoke can spoil the taste and enjoyment of food for many customers. For businesses, this can result in lost clientele, especially as more people become health-conscious and prefer smoke-free environments. By banning smoking, restaurants can attract a wider customer base and offer a cleaner, more enjoyable dining experience.

Moreover, a nationwide ban would support broader public health campaigns. Governments around the world are working to reduce smoking rates and promote healthier lifestyles. Banning smoking in all restaurants would reinforce the message that smoking is not socially acceptable in public spaces, encouraging more people to quit and discouraging young people from starting.

While some may argue that designated smoking areas within restaurants could be a compromise, in reality, smoke often drifts and affects others. A complete ban is the only truly effective way to protect everyone.

In conclusion, I fully support a nationwide ban on smoking in restaurants. Such a policy would protect public health, enhance customer satisfaction, and contribute to a cleaner, healthier society."
In my opinion, I  partly disagree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, it is very hard to ban smoking at all the restaurants because smoking  is individual freedom. Besides that, in Viet Nam, banning smoking will decrease the number of customers because numerous  people get used to smoking. It leads to decrease the revenue and profit for the restaurants. On the other hand, banning smoking will affect  negatively the customer experiences because it breaks the joy of people. Many people use smoking to relieve stress after working hard . Therefore, the restaurants should have a smoking area to serve people who want to smoke. However in many luxurious restaurants, smoking should be banned because it negatively affects to the restaurant's atmosphere. This smoke will stay on person clothes and break luxurious atmosphere. For example, when people enjoy fine dining at the luxurious restaurants, people will spray their perfurme on their clothes to enjoy the ambience. Therefore, the smoke will leave on their clothes and make people feel annoyed. To sum up, banning smoking should not apply for all the restaurants due to individual freedom and decrease revenue. The restaurants should create a smoking area to serve who wants to smoke.
"It is commonly believed that authorities should impose a prohibition on smoking at all the restaurants in the country, while others are against this opinion. Both view will be discussed and I believe banning smoking in restaurants is necessary to protect public health. 

Granted, one might argue that there should be a ban on smoking as these are likely to cause some health risks. This is predicated on the assumption that when people smoke in enclosed spaces like restaurants, toxic chemicals are released into the air, putting non-smokers at risk, which is extremely dangerous for children, pregnant women, and people with asthma or heart conditions. Besides, the smell of cigarette smoke can ruin the taste and enjoyment of food, discouraging customers who prefer a clean, pleasant dining environment. 

On the one hand, opponents of the ban may argue that it can restrict personal freedom. In recent years, there have been many designated smoking areas within restaurants which can be a fair compromise, allowing both smokers and non-smokers to be together. Moreover, a smoke-free environment is more likely to attract a wider range of customers and improve overall customer satisfaction, which can benefit the business in the long run.

In conclusion, although some people may see smoking as a personal choice, public health and comfort should take priority. A complete smoking ban in all restaurants is necessary to protect non-smokers, create a pleasant dining environment, and promote healthier lifestyles."
I definitely agree with this rule. Firstly, cigarettes have a huge impact on the health of smokers. It’s the reason for respiratory diseases such as tuberculosis, lung cancer, and asthma. Smoking is also a difficult addiction to quit and provides a large number of stress-reducing substances to the body, which greatly affects the smokers’ nervous system. Secondly, smoking not only affects the smoker but also affects those whose directly smell the smoke. If they breathe in smoke for a long time, they will also suffer from similar respiratory diseases. Smoke is especially dangerous for pregnant women because it can threaten the life of the baby. The restaurant is a public place so the number of people coming will be very large, so there are also lots of smokers and many indirect smokers. Foods in restaurants that smell of cigarettes lose their delicious taste and impacts the quality of the restaurant’s service. In conclusion, I think the law banning smoking in restaurants is the right thing to do. Furthermore, it can improve the cuisine as well as the quality of the restaurant. The most important opinion is protection of the customers’ physical health when they come to restaurants and the community in society. 
 don't and never try smoking. I have learned and know that it is bad, bad for my body and also for people around me. Actually, I never have a thought to try them so on this topic, I hope that ‘Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country’ but for well, it can't be. Because I know many people depend on smoking to keep their minds clear. Like my father, I, my family and he knows that smoking is not good for his health, but I can't ban it. He hears my advice, but his life is so hard, and so does he. He is looking for something to keep his mind clear, and he smoked, always. In public places like restaurants, I see that all of them have smoking places, which are far from living places. So I think the Management Board also knows that people who smoke, not just a 10, or 100, it is a thousand, and many of them are valuable customers. In my opinion, the ban is not easy and something bad still exists. So I disagree with this Topic, something people want to disappear, the things just exist and they will always think about it. Smoking in my view is bad, but in my dad's view, that is the only thing that can keep him moving, and help him a lot in relieve stress.
"I strongly disagree with the idea that smoking is completely prohibited at all restaurant in one nation. The main reasons will be outlined in the following paragraph. 

Everything has two sides, and smoking is no exception. While smoking is proved to have more disadvantages for people's health than benefits, entirely ban it from restaurants seems to be inappropriate since it was still a customer experience. Smoking can be anyone's favorite experience or a way for them to relieve their stress. Restaurants provide foods and customer experiences, so prohibiting one of them can clearly affect their service outputs. In reality, not all restaurants cater to the same type of customers. Some restaurants or bars are specifically designed for adults and they already have separate smoking areas or outdoor spaces. A nationwide ban would have strong effect to both restaurant owners and customers, as it remove the freedom of owners to decide how they operate their business and customers to choose a place that fits their preferences. Instead of a strict ban, a more balanced solution can be promoted such as requiring restaurants to have clearly marked smoking and non-smoking areas, or proper ventilation systems. This allows both smokers and non-smokers to coexist without significantly affecting each other's experiences.

Overall, although smoking does have negative impacts on health, completely banning it in all restaurants across a country could be seen as an extreme measure. A more flexible approach would better suitable for the rights and preferences of all individuals involved. "
"It is argued that all restaurants in the nation had better completely ban smoking. In my opinion, i totally agree with this point of view due to several reasons
To begin with, smoking can have bad effect on not only this person but also others. When a person smoke in a restaurant, other customers can inhale all the smoke that this person release into the air. As a result, many individuals' lung can be damaged even though they do not smoke. 
Moreover, letting people smoking in restaurants can reduce the number of customers coming to the restaurant. The smoke can ruin the taste of some dishes and make some customers feel uncomfortable when they eat in these restaurants. Consequencely, less and less customers want to eat in these restaurants, which lead to the drop of revenue.
Last but not least, it can promote a healthy lifestyle to people. More and more places ban smoking and make people quit smoking, leading to a better health.
In short, banning smoking can be necessary to protect health, improve dinning experience and help customers feel comfortable when they eat in the restaurants.  "
"It is argued that smoking should be totally prohibited at all restaurants in the country. This essay will demonstrate my opinion of partly agree to this statement. 
The reason why some people have said that there is no permission for smoking in restaurants is because of the harmful influences of smoke emitted on people's health including customers and restaurant's staff, especially babies. It is proved by science that people who breath smoke will be detrimentally impacted more than the smokers. Restaurant is the place where people would like to enjoy their meal, relax to get better mental and physical healthy. The appearance of smoking will decrease the quality of restaurant's environment and be negative to the satisfaction of customers.
On the other hand, if these cigaretes are not banned by the goverment, restaurants are able to prepare a separate and private place for people who want smoking. It not only puts great impression to smokers but also satisfies other customers without polluting the whole restuarant' atmosphere. 
In conclusion, each restaurant should consider seriously to make decision of whether banning smoking or not. It could be the main factor impacting on the restaurant's revenue and customer's willing rate to return to use this restaurant's services. "
"I completely agree that it is necessary that smoking at all the restaurants in the country be prohibited. This rule would bring many benefits for everyone's health and make dining experiences much better.
The most important reason is protecting people's health. When people smoke in restaurants, the smoke affects not only the smokers but also other customers and restaurant workers. It is very dangerous and can cause serious health problems like lung cancer and heart disease. Non-smokers should not have to breathe harmful smoke when they are trying to enjoy their meal.
Another benefit is that restaurants will become more comfortable places to eat. Many people, especially families with children, avoid restaurants that allow smoking because the smell is unpleasant. When smoking is banned, more customers will feel welcome to dine out. This means restaurants might actually get more business from non-smoking customers.
Some people might say that smokers have rights too, but there are many other places where they can smoke, such as outside the restaurants or in special smoking areas. Restaurants are places where people eat food, so they should be clean and smoke-free.
In conclusion, I strongly support banning smoking in all restaurants. This policy will protect everyone's health, make restaurants more pleasant, and still allow smokers to smoke in other appropriate places."
"Many people argue that if it is necessary for countries to ban smoking at the public place as restaurants. In my opinion, smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country. There are some reasons for this.

First, smoking is very harmful for people’s health. Not only the smoker gets sick, but the people around them also breathe the smoke. Many people go to restaurants to enjoy their food and relax. If someone smokes near them, they can feel uncomfortable and even angry. Some people have kids or old people with them, so smoking is very dangerous.

Second, banning smoking can help make the place cleaner. Smoking makes the air smell bad and there will be ash or cigarette butts on the ground. Restaurants need to be clean and fresh so customers want to come again.

Finally, smoking is not a good habit and should not be allowed in public areas. If people want to smoke, they can go outside or to another place. Restaurants are for everyone, so we need to make sure it is a comfortable place for all.

In conclusion, smoking should not be allowed in any restaurant. It is bad for health, makes the place dirty, and is not polite to others. "
"Nowadays, more and more people are concerned more in their health and eager for a better living environment. Fresh and clean air are some of the basic standards for a good living environment in general, but by the act of smoking makes the air around people worse. Therefore, it is necessary to have smoking banned at restaurants nationally, as restaurants nowadays are widely claimed as a place for relaxing and enjoying life.
The first reason for this idea is that the smoke from tobacco, cigarettes and so on does harm not only to users' lungs but also to the people around. Many studies agree that the released smoke from these bad things contains lots of dangerous substances like nicotine, which can destroy people's lungs if they are in them for a long time. It is such an unfairness if the people who do not use drugs are damaged by the harmful smoke just because of the people around them use it.
The second point for this suggestion is that smoking is such a money-wasting action. There is no need to pay for a thing that not only does harm to yourself but also to your family just to satisfy your favor. Drugs, tobacco or cigarettes are not affordable objects, some people have to sell all their properties and assets to buy those things. That leads to numerous crimes and creates a bad society.
To sum up, smoking in public, especially in restaurants, where people come to eat should be banned worldwide to ensure public health and fresh air for people."
"Whether all the restaurants should completely ban the smoking or not is a controversy topic nowadays. I totally agree that it should be ban once and for all.
First and foremost, smoking has been proven to harm people health in total from many scientific research and data number. It is one of the main reasons lead to cancer, which kills millions of lifes throughout years. Not only it damages to the people who directly smoke but it also harms to the people around who smoke it indirectly. According to news, the people smoke it indirectly could suffer worse consequences. Such as the pregnant women, the smoking could cause them miscarriage.
However, some restaurants need high selling incomes, and the smoking people are one of their customers. If the restaurants ban all the smoking, they will lose these amount of potential sales revenue. Hardly to say that all restaurants can ignore these money when their ultimate goal is to maximize profits. 
In conclusion, it is undeniable that smoking cause severely serious diseases. It should be banned at all places not only at restaurants."
In the most ideal scenarios, I wholeheartedly agree that the complete prohibition of smoking at all the restaurants in the country should be implemented. Because such a policy can have a positive impact on people’s health, in general. In fact, passive smokers are the ones who bear the most negative consequences of smoking, not direct smokers. Smoking can also lead its smokers not being alert enough. There has been some cases that unalert smokers do immoral things and hurt their family members. That’s why banning smoking can directly protect these groups of people from being hurted. Smoking should be banned; however, I think it is unlikely to happen in the real world. The most prominent reason is that this can affect the right of freedom of many people. Government can not just prevent its citizens from doing something or sacrificing something they love for the sake of others. It may be unfair, I believe. Therefore, I think that another effective solution should be taken into consideration. There should be “special” areas in restaurants and also public places for these addictive smokers to smoke. This remedy can ensure the right of freedom of all citizens as well as the health of other people to be protected from toxic substances released from cigarettes. 
"Smoking issue is a popular topic to discuss about whether it should be banned or not, especially in the restaurants. In my opinion, I believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country for some reasons.
Firstly, it is unhealthy for the smokers. Smoking has been investigated that it is not good for people health. It is a fact that smoking too much is one of the causes leads to lung cancer. There are no research about smoking benefit, but about its disadvantages. My father's friend died last year due to smoking too much.
Secondly, it cause harmful for relevant people in the restaurants, especially kids and pregnant woman. The smoke also causes everybody uncomfortable due to its smell. Kids and woman who smells smoke can become cancer too. There are many doctors have been warning about this fact recently which makes the publics shocked. 
To sum up, I am hoping that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in my country because it has no benefits, and it also leads to many worser diseases. "
"Some people believe that it would be better if smoking is banned, while others think that it’s not that necessary to do so. I personally agree with the first statement. 
Smoking has been raising concern amongst the society regarding to people’s health. Not only the smoker affected to this but also the people around them who breathe the same air. There are studies indicate that people who inhale the smoke would bear the same risks as the smokers, especially children or pregnant women. Moreover, to prevent those things to happen, many places like restaurants, offices, malls,… have to spend money on building separate areas just for smokers. Furthermore, not all places have enough budget to do so and not everyone would comply to the “no smoking” rule so it’s not a thorough solution, at least not to every places. 
However, it’s still hard to completely ban cigarettes from public places like restaurants. As long as there’s a demand, there will be a supply to meet it and it’s difficult to eliminate this smoking habit for people who smoke a lot. This is why the government has already impose the excise duty on cigarettes as well as the main ingredient of them which is tobacco at a quite high rate to reduce the use of this good in the market."
"These days, many people enjoy going to restaurants with family or friends. They want to eat good food in a clean and comfortable place. However, smoking inside restaurants can make this experience worse. That is why I believe smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants. There are three main reasons.
First, smoking is dangerous for health. It can cause cancer and many other diseases. Not only smokers get sick, but also people near them. This is called secondhand smoke. In a restaurant, many people eat together, so secondhand smoke is very bad.
Second, the smell of smoke is not good. When someone smokes, the smell goes everywhere. It stays on clothes, tables, and food. This makes the restaurant less clean and less comfortable.
Third, many people do not like smoking. Families with children or old people want a clean and fresh place to eat. If restaurants allow smoking, they may lose customers.
Some people may say smokers have rights. But I think public health is more important. People can smoke outside if they want, but not inside the restaurant.
In short, banning smoking in restaurants is a good idea. It helps protect people’s health and makes restaurants better for everyone
"
"Smoking should be punished at all restaurants in the country. In my opinion, I totally agree with this statement.
Smoking is not a healthy activity for the users and surroundings. Smoke from cigarettes is harmful and can cause several serious diseases, including respiratory disease, cardiovascular disease, cancer and so on. Moreover, non-smoking people, including children, pregnant women and restaurant staff, can be affected badly to their health as well. Due to several health risks, restaurants should set up the rules or do some action to prevent and protect vulnerable customers who do not smoke.
On the one hand, being banned smoking in the restaurants can cut cost for the owner. Because when somebody smokes, they create ash, smoke residue, cigarette butts which can make the restaurant very dirty if the staff does not clean regularly. The staff needs to work harder to keep the restaurant clean and the owner needs to pay more wages. That leads the expense increase a lot. Furthermore, smoking bans can make the place safer because cigarettes can catch fire to most of the objects in the basic restaurants, such as napkins, curtains, paper for ordering. It is very dangerous for employers, employees and other people.
In conclusion, I think smoking can have a lot of bad impacts and should be banned in all countries throughout the world. "
"I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurant in my country for many reasons.
First and foremost, smoking is harmful for users’ health. It causes many dieases related to lungs, heart, and others part of human’s body. It also cause addicted due to its ingredient, which means the person using cigarette cannot stop themselves using it.
Not just harm the smoker, cigarette also cause damage to people near by the smoker by the smoke. Their are numerous people get diaeses due to cigarette’s smoke even though they are not smoking. Therefore, smoking should be banned in public areas such as parks, restaurants, hospitals, schools.
Additionally, restaurants serves foods and beverages, and smoking can effect others’ experiences. The smell of smoke can annoy people in the restaurant include customers and  staff. Customers will have bad feeling, since they chose a restaurant to having good meals and great time with each others. Even though the food or drinking are great, they will upset because of others’ smoking. In terms of staff, restaurant is the workplace, if they have to smell cigaratte smoke in the whole working time, they will feel annoyed, and also damage to their health.
In short, I personally think that smoking should be completely banned in restaurant and every public areas in my country."
It's common sense that I, together with everyone in this earth, agree that smoking should definitely be banned at all establishments across all countries, with all the existing evidence of health-related issues throughout the web. Firstly, a ban can shield the health and well-being of non-smokers, including children, expectant women and individuals with respiratory problems. There have been overwhelmingly scientific studies across the world on the effect of passive smoking or exposure to second-hand smoke on humans and those studies point out that it can cause lung cancer, asthma and heart attacks. Restaurants are a common place for people to  eat, socialize and be themselves. They should not be subjected to toxins simply because it so happened that there are smokers in the room. Secondly, a ban improves the dining experience. The smell of smoke is nothing pleasant and it can ruin the aroma of the food and mood of the diners. An environment free of smoke can cultivate a sense of elegance and responsibility, which restaurant owners can create to appeal a wider range of customers, both existing and potential customers, making restaurants more and more enjoyable. 
"  Over the past few years, smoking has always been a topic of widespread concern. It is argued that smoking should be entirely prohibited in restaurants across the nation. From my perspective, I am in total agreement with this statement on account of the following reasons.

  Firstly, banning smoking in restaurants is essential for maintaining a healthy and comfortable environment for the customers. As a matter of fact, exposure to smoke poses serious health risks, particularly to vulnerable groups such as children, the elderly, and individuals with respiratory conditions. Additionally, cigarette smoke can ruin the atmosphere of a restaurant. The presence of smoke can turn an enjoyable meal into an uncomfortable and unhealthy experience.

  Secondly, banning smoking in restaurants can also bring economic and branding benefits for the business itself. To be more specific, a smoke-free environment is often more appealing to families, tourists, and health-conscious individuals, which can help attract a broader customer base. Moreover, restaurants that implement no-smoking policies are generally perceived as cleaner, more modern, and socially responsible. This can enhance customer loyalty and even lead to higher ratings and reviews, especially on digital platforms where consumer feedback greatly influences business success.

  In conclusion, a complete restriction on smoking should be implemented in all restaurants throughout the nation. Personally, I firmly believe that prohibiting smoking is not only a matter of public health, but also a strategic move to enhance reputation."
"I totally agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants across the country. Smoking in public places like restaurants is not only harmful to health but also makes other people feel uncomfortable.
First of all, secondhand smoke is very dangerous.  If someone is smoking near children and the elderly. This can lead to serious health problems like lung disease, heart issues, or even cancer. Since restaurants are places where many people gather, it’s important to protect everyone’s health.
Besides, cigarette smoke can ruin the customers' dining experience. Because the smell can be strong and unpleasant, and it can make the food taste worse. So a clean and smoke-free restaurant helps everyone enjoy their meals, and makes customers want to come back again.
Additionally, prohibiting smoking in restaurants can help create a healthier lifestyle. It shows that we care about public health and respect others. It may also help smokers quit or cut down on smoking.
In short, I believe banning smoking in all restaurants is the right thing to do. It protects people’s health, makes restaurants more enjoyable, and encourages a better way of living for everyone."
Smoking should be totally banned in restaurants in every country. Smoking has always been a bad habit of people, shortening the lifetime of both use and affected-by-use people. Lung cancer, throat cancer, yellow teeth is what they trade with a small joy of nicotine flow in their bloodstream. It’s quite amusing that a smoker is always screaming about “you are not smoking, you are not depressed, you won’t understand”. They are so proud that they have style in living and do not realize the side effects, maybe they do but they choose to be cool and “die young”. You have to admit that smoking is bad in any case and not just you are wasting your life but everyone around that too. Not only smoking in restaurants but in any public space smoking should be banned. You realize that smoking has always been pointed out that it’s bad but has been kept producing, because it benefits those who control the economy. But I am wondering if those smokers don't get ashamed when they smoke in a restaurant while everybody else is having a good meal.  It’s like the rudest thing a person can do. I understand that you are addicted and “need it right away” but interrupting other people's enjoyment is not acceptable. You can have it but have it when you are not with another person.
"Many people agree that smoking makes them feel uncomfortable. T totally agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country for only one reason.
Cigarette smoke has a harmful impact on the user and everyone who smells this. It can cause cough, lung cancer, reduction in breath, especially in pregnant women and kids. These people appear a lot in public places like restaurants. For instance, my family used to have meals at a local restaurant every saturday. However, we sat next to a group of smoking people. Despite our gentle reminder, they still smoke a lot. Although we immediately change our seats, we still feel inconvenient and hard to breathe. My little sister was sick on that day and unfortunately she coughed more after having meals at that restaurant. Another day, my pregnant sister had her body full of cigarette smoke when having a meal in another restaurant. Fortunately, she just had a little headache and the baby was still ok. Therefore, the banned regulation about smoking at restaurants can improve their customers’ health.
In conclusion, smoking cigarettes causes many health problems for users and others around. So that banned regulation rule at restaurants is reasonable."
"It is suggested that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Personally, I strongly agree that a nationwide ban on smoking in restaurants is necessary because of its benefits. 
First, smoking is a bad habit as it is harmful for health. Therefore, smoking restrictions in restaurants are one of the ways to protect customers’ health. Secondhand smoke causes severe respiratory diseases and even cancer in non-smokers. This is especially true in restaurants with poor ventilation, where tobacco smoke becomes trapped and concentrated, significantly worsening its health impacts.
Second, smoke lingers on furniture and food that create unpleasant dining experiences for customers. When people go to restaurants, they expect to enjoy their meals, not to inhale harmful smoke. Cigarette smoke clings to doors, seats, and tablecloths, creating an unpleasant odor even after smokers have left. For example, many diners complain that even though they are sitting in a non-smoking area, they still smell the scent from the sofa or walls.
Finally, banning smoking in restaurants aligns with global trends and social responsibility. Many countries have already adopted strict anti-smoking laws in public areas, including restaurants, as a reflection of modern public health standards. It sends a strong message that the country values the well-being of its citizens and promotes healthy lifestyles.
In conclusion, smoking should be entirely banned at all restaurants in the country to protect health, improve the dining experience, and show commitment to progressive and responsible public policies. A smoke-free dining culture is not only beneficial but also necessary for a healthier and more respectful society."
"A school of thought holds that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In my point of view, smoking causes many bad effects and it should be limited especially in public areas like restaurants which is why I agree with this statement. To start with, It is known that cigarettes contain many kinds of toxin material. It causes severe health problems such as heart disease and various cancers - lung, throat, mouth cancer… Moreover, not only smokers who have to suffer through illness but also people who consume smoke from cigarettes. This is the main reason why smoking should be banned in public, especially restaurants where eating can lead to more smoke consumption from customers. Secondly, smoke in restaurants creates an unpleasant place with bad air quality and an annoying view. Restaurants that allow smoking are likely to have fewer children, elderly and pregnant women as customers. Last but not least, it is each person's responsibility to care for other people as we all live in a large community. Smokers should be aware of their smoking actions to not harm other people’s health which means they have to reduce smoking in public areas. The law of banning smoking in restaurants not only creates more positive impacts on public health but also fosters a more responsible community. In conclusion, a nationwide ban on smoking in all restaurants is a victory for public health. Fresh air should be ensured in every meal out for everyone. 
"
In my opinion, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, restaurants are closed-room, which affects the mood of the other people who do not smoke but have to endure the smoke while eating and enjoying the food. Secondly, smoking in close distance affects the non-smoker’s health who are “indirect smoking” as well, especially with women and children. Thirdly, if needed to smoke, the customer can smoke outside the restaurant instead of inside. There should be no reason for the need to smoke or smoke constantly in the eating time like lunch or dinner, especially in public places like restaurants. Also, as the smoke affects the non-smoker in the restaurants, if smoking is allowed, the restaurants will somehow lose a certain number of customers who dislike the smell of smoke or worry about its downturn effect, which affects the revenue and the restaurant’s brand name. On the contrary, allowing smoking does not acquire any benefit for the restaurant. Last but not least, smoking is not hygiene in an eating place like restaurants and should not be encouraged. In conclusion, as smoking only benefits the smoker's relaxation, which can be done in other places like home but not public places with many people who come to eat and enjoy meeting each other like restaurants, it should be banned completely for the health of all the customers and also the restaurant business. 
I completely agree with this statement. There are some reasons for this. In my opinion, restaurants is a place for everyone not only to eat, but also to feel the deliciousness of the meal by smelling it or observe it. However, if there is someone smoking in the restaurant, the only thing that the customer can smell is the smoke but not the meal they eat, which leaves a bad feeling about the restaurant. Therefore, in order to pleased the customers, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. Besides, the left over from the cigarette may cause some unwanted accidents such as fire. It is very clear that no one wants to be the cause of any of the accidents, even the ones who smoke. Moreover, left over from the cigarette would lower the image of the restaurants in the eyes of customers. Restaurants are often designed formally, therfore, it would left a bad impression to the customers who come to the restaurant for the first time. The reasons above can indirectly affect to the profitability of the restaurants, and I am sure that no restaurants would love to lower their profitability and their restaurants’ image by the time goes. In conclusion, smoking partly affects to the feelings of the customers when they have their meal; left over from the cigarette may cause some unwanted accidents or indirectly lower the restaurants’ image and profitability.
