 Smoking is a bad habit and it can ruin not only your health but also those wh, banningo live near you too. Because of that fact, some said that it should be banned in restaurants. However I think banning it is not a good option as we have human rights. We can find many other good solutions instead of banning them.
On the one hand, I accept the fact that most people want to regard public places like restaurants as smoking-free zone as they can't resist smoke. In addition, it can also give them the possibility of lungs related diseases as they become passive smokers. It is like not having respect for your surroundings and is kind of rude in our countries too. If an adult is smoking in the restaurant and a teenager sees him, he will probably want to try this as he thinks it is stylish. So it is really important to keep our manners too.
On the other hand, as we are living in the twenty-first century, we have our own right to smoke too. So, we should make a smoking zone in each restaurant. By doing this, we can simply solve this problem without colonizing anyone's rights. Lastly, we should also educate people to smoke in special zones when they are in public places like restaurants as this can disturb other people unintentionally. 
I do not agree with this statement because there are different people in this world so maybe some of them like smoking but for the left, they will not. Because of this fact, we cannot make this decision. For every situation, they should allow people to smoke. Especially most of the people who come to bars and clubs normally smoke. Unless they can smoke at that place, their peaceful happiness is silently destroyed. It is not fair for them. So we can make a smoking area at somewhere in the restaurant. In this case, if they want to smoke, they can go and smoke there and for those who do not like smoking, they can avoid that particular area I think it is fair for both sides like people who like smoking and people who avoid smoking and especially for those who cannot stand the smoke, for example, those people who have asthma or so. These make this problem easily solved and no complaints will be there anymore related to this issue. Besides, it will also increase the network because the people who have same passion or personality, can make friends easily and this will bring them pure happiness without disturbing anyone. Therefore, I strongly disagree with this statement.
Smokers said, 'Smoking is a way of letting go the stress'. They can give different reasons why they smoke. It doesn't make sense for a non-smoker how the reasons of smokers may differ. It's still fine that their smoke doesn't disturb others. But, the restaurants are the public areas. When someone smokes near us, we have to inhale the tobacco smoke spreading in the air. That's called passive smoking. If someone smokes at the restaurant, the environment near him will be inappropriate to inhale. That's why smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. First of all, smoking can harm the smoker's respiratory system. The time that he smokes last longer, his health will get worse. Otherwise, the smoke exposure can cause diseases his family or the person near the smoker. Secondly, the tobacco smoke is really annoying. For those who have asthma, the smoke can be the main fact that gives allergies to them. Everyone's first priority is being healthy. Isn't is? So we should take care of our health at all costs. We can't happily die because of the exposure to the smoke as a second-hand smoker. That's why Smoking Free Policies are appeared. And most of the countries banned smoking in public areas. In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned in public areas. Even though we can't ban smoking in those areas, smokers should smoke near an open window, fireplace dust or on his private property. We should not harm our environment because of us.
 Everything has its own ups and downs, and goods and bads including smoking. Of course, there are many negative effects of smoking which is widely aware of by many people but completely banning smoking at all the restaurants in the country is not the best and most effective solution in my humble opinion. 
It is true that smoking is bad not only for our health but also for the people around us but each and everyone has their right to make their own choices whether to smoke or not. It is important to reduce health issues effected by smoking and secondhand smoking but banning countrywide may not be the best cure to this. Instead of banning, having separate places for smokers and non-smokers at restaurants might be better in my point of view. By doing this, there could be a significant progress in reducing secondhand smoking diseases. If smoking is prohibited in all the restaurants, there could be a huge effect on food and beverage business circle. Some restaurants focusing on smokers and drinkers may have to face financial problems and hardships to continue doing business if there is a complete ban. 
To conclude, I don't support the idea of completely banning smoking at all the restaurants. I think it would be better just to prohibit smoking at public areas and causing harmfulness to the secondhand smokers. 
           Since early time, smoking has been around and popular among both men and women. Some do it for the sake of pleasure, some for soothing themselves, and some smoke for they are addicted to it. It's been an interesting and controversial topic if the restaurant should completely ban smoking. In my opinion, it should not be completely banned. I will be discussing why I think this way in this essay.
          First of all, there is a universal fact that one have rights to do one likes as long as it is not disturbing others both physically and mentally. When it comes to smoking, there are those who like them or even love them, those who don't mind, and those who can't stand at all. Some are even addicted to it since nicotine is addictive. If we think about it, there are also people who don't mind inhaling the smoke from other people smoking and those who do mind a lot. When deciding something, we have to look both sides and try to be fair and justice. Therefore, I think restaurants should consider having a specified place or corner for those who like smoking and don't mind the smoke , and a place for non-smokers and those who don't like the smoke.
        To conclude, since I believe the statement that people have their rights to do what they like as long as it is not disturbing, I disagree with the topic  Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country .
 
 In modern society, drinking alcohol and smoking becomes a normal activity particularly amongst young adults. However, I agree with the idea of completely banning smoking at all the restaurants in the country. 
First and foremost, cigarettes as well as cigars contain extremely high amounts of harmful chemicals such as nicotine, carbon monoxide, etc. The impact of these hundreds of chemicals is unimaginably detrimental to humans' health. Most people realize the disadvantages of smoking due to the fact that they have been educated for several years by campaigns, advertisements, and other social movements. It causes a lot of people to replace smoking with vaping although they do not understand that vaping has no difference compared to standard smoking. E-cigarettes contain all the same harmful chemicals except a slight difference in nicotine concentration. Because of the variety of rich flavors which are added to e-cigarettes, people are getting addicted to these things.
On the other hand, smoking does not only affect smokers' health but also causes the exact same side effects to surrounding people who inhale the released smoke. During recent years, studies show that the rate of non-smoking lung cancers has increased by 40%. Therefore, restaurants should have smoking areas to reduce the unwanted negative impact for the environment. 
To be concluded, although we cannot control people to stop smoking, the government should take legal actions on smoking within the restaurants. If people want to smoke or vape, they must go outside of the restaurant or to the places that are regarded as smoking sections. 
 In these days, the percentage of smoking people have raised as like a skyrocket.  There is also a confliction that restaurants should not allow smoke or they should. However, since it is not denied that smoking can cause loads of side effects to the environment, I strongly agree with this statement.

In my view, smoking in the public area like restaurants is a disturbance. In other words, if one is smoking in the hall of restaurants, their smoke will slightly move in the air and other people who does not even know how to smoke will breathe them.  They become passive smokers then it can lead to several diseases which is related to lungs.  For example, the description of Time News Magazine in 2020 shows 82% of the passive smokers had suffered from lungs cancer or other related diseases.  Hence, completely banning smoking at the restaurants brings several benefits for pubic.

The next point is the restaurants could get green environment and reduce the air pollution around that area.  In fact, since there is no one who smoke near the area of restaurant, people could get clean air and it will green the environment.  If I have to figure it out, the more completely banning smoking areas spread, the better results to protect air pollution come out.  That's why the area that completely banned smoking should set up especially at the restaurants.

If I have to sum up, I strongly believe that as smoking can lead many damages of public health and environment, it is more appropriate to completely ban at all restaurants in the country. 
 One of the strongest arguments against smoking in restaurants lies in the protection of public health. The dangers of smoking and exposure to secondhand smoke are well-documented, with a multitude of serious health risks associated with prolonged exposure. By banning smoking in all restaurants, we can effectively reduce the risks of respiratory ailments, cardiovascular diseases, and even cancer in both customers and restaurant staff. This prohibition would create a healthier environment for all, especially for those with pre-existing health conditions or allergies. 
A nationwide prohibition on smoking in restaurants would benefit society as a whole by promoting a healthier lifestyle and reducing the societal burden caused by smoking-related healthcare costs. By limiting exposure to secondhand smoke, we would also be fostering a safer and more inclusive atmosphere, ensuring everyone can enjoy dining experiences without discomfort or potential harm. Moreover, a ban on smoking would help curtail the normalization of smoking behavior, reducing the number of individuals who start smoking in the first place.
A nationwide prohibition on smoking in restaurants serves as a significant step toward a healthier and more considerate society. By prioritizing public health, social welfare, and improved dining experiences, we underscore our commitment to safeguarding the well-being of individuals. This formal case for a complete ban on smoking in all restaurants should be viewed through the lens of a responsible, progressive act which reflects our evolving understanding of the harm posed by smoking 
I disagree with this topic.There is a saying Hundred People Thousand Minds .There are billions of people in this planet earth.Some may prefer to smoke, but some won't.Instead of banning smoking at all restaurants in the country, you should divide the kinds of restaurants.In restaurants you wish to prohibit smoking, you can write no smoking restaurant, smoke-free zone or something else.But in restaurants you wish to allow, you can show signs that you allow.For example, people smoke in tea shops while talking with their friends.This is the vibe they wish to feel.But if you prohibit smoking in tea shop , these kinds of people won't come anymore.In European countries, people sit in cafes just to smoke.If the government of that country, approved a law to completely banned smoking at all restaurants in the country they would even start a protest.Dividing kinds would only work.If you wish to smoke while sitting in a restaurant, you can go to a restaurant which allows.If you hate smoking, you can eat in a restaurant which prohibits.This would only be the way which works.Therefore, smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
 I agree with the topic because of the following reasons.People who smoke are increasing day by day. Smoking is totally dangerous but they choose to smoke. Smoking can cause cancer, heart and lungs illness. Everyone knows that smoking affects people's health. Smoking in public places is already banned. Smoking in the room which consists of aircon doesn't allow.People who smoke in the public places are very rude especially at the restaurant. They imitate dangerous smoke that can cause cancer to the people who breathe it. Restaurant is a place where we meet our friends, lover, family and spend our time eating with peacefully.Restaurants let people smoke while they are having a meal.If someone light a cigarette, the smoke separates all over the place. All people in the restaurant become second hand smokers. 
They don't smoke but they breathe. It is just a little smoke but it contains many diseases. If there is children, it will be more affective to them.However, those smokers can smoke at their home without affecting the others. It is so annoying and disturbing. If smoking is banned in all restaurants and cafe,it may improve our health. Health is the most important thing in our life. If you are a smoker, please avoid smoking in the public areas especially at the restaurant. 
 
It has become common knowledge that a lit cigarette harms the health of not only the smoker but all those who have to inhale its smoke. The secondhand smoke itself induces coughs, gets into our eyes and gives off an unappetizing smell. Therefore, it is no wonder that restaurants would want to ban smoking altogether. While this is understandable, I disagree with this position and believe that there are more effective measures than a total ban across all restaurants. First of all, smoking in the restaurants may inconvenience non-smoking customers, but a smoking ban would inconvenience smokers, who are also paying customers. it is in the restaurants' interests to not place a total ban but to reach a compromise. So, instead of a complete ban, we should consider accommodating smokers by providing designated smoking areas separate from but joined to the dining areas. Secondly, smokers should be able to smoke without having to leave the restaurant. Smokers very often have nicotine addiction, which is difficult to overcome. Disincentivizing addicts by inconveniencing them has not been shown to make them give it up. It is within a smoker's right not have the added shame of having to leave their friends and family in a restaurant while the smoker to satiates his need. Thirdly, smoke breaks provide much-needed relief for stressed food service workers. While workplace bans can reduce smoking, if the employers don't provide an alternative to smoking but take away the only non-mandatory break workers have, then workplace dissatisfaction will increase. Which is why, restaurants should not ban smoking completely but allow designated spaces for customers and employees to smoke. While it seems selfish that smokers damage others' health for their own pleasure, we can prevent the damage by providing smoking areas, making restaurants a welcoming space for everyone.
"   ""Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.""
                  The topic of whether smoking should be banned from all places. There are people who enjoy smoking and other people who oppose it. Nowadays, there are many ways to smoke such as cigarettes or vape. Should smoking be banned completely at all the restaurants in the country? In this essay, I will be discussing this controversy issue with a few comparisons. 
             First of all, it has been proved that smoking is harmful to the primary consumer and to the people who breathe in that smoke, known as secondhand smoking. It is quite unfair to give harm to other people who did nothing at all. Thus, looking from this perspective, smoking should be banned to protect the majority.
             Secondly, many people give in to smoking as it makes them calm and relaxed. Some people wash away their stress and sadness away with smoking. If we think of this way, then banning smoking would also be quite unfair for the minority of people who use smoking as a place to escape from the cruelty of the world. 
           To compare and give a fair opinion, people have the right to refuse breathing in the harmful gas they did not ask for and for the smokers, they should as well have a place to enjoy their activity. That's why, I strongly agree with the point that ""smoking should be completely banned"" and disagree with the point ""at all restaurants in the country"". Smoking should be banned from public areas and most parts of restaurants, however, I believe that restaurants should provide a private place to allow smoking, for instance a rooftop would make a great place for smoking. In this way, smoking could be done without disturbing and harming other people.

"
"Smoking is very seriously harmful to our health. Smokers can cause themselves serious health problems.They neither care about their own nor other people's health. Smoking openly, especially in public places,is extremely bad.Smoking is harmful for our health and may cause to damage themselves.Due to this smoking habit,it may cause mainly respiratory problems and heart problems.The effect of smoking is publicized through the media such as television, newspapers, magazines etc. Hence, people who are forming this habit have already known about this danger,but they still enjoy their habit. Cigarette smoke delivers more than forty known cancer-causing chemicals.There is no compelling evidence that regular exposure to secondhand tobacco smoke threatens the health of those who don't smoke. Our bodies are exposed to chemicals that cause cancer,coronary heart disease,stroke and respiratory conditions such as emphysema and chronic bronchitis. Cigarette smoking is very harmful. It is harmful for both smoker and non-smoker.People who smoke in public places just show how inconsiderate they are towards others.So, everyone should not try to smoke and smokers should cut down smoking for the good of their health as well as for the others.
"
