 The detrimental effects of smoking have recently come to the public's attention, which has raised the focus on advocating a non-smoking lifestyle. This essay emphasizes the advantages of quitting smoking, such as better health, cost savings, and a cleaner environment.
First off, choosing a smoke-free lifestyle has a positive impact on your health. Smoking is a significant contributor to the development of several diseases, such as heart disease, lung cancer, and respiratory issues. People can lower their risk of contracting these potentially fatal diseases and improve their general health by quitting smoking. Additionally, non-smokers frequently have better cardiovascular health, greater lung function, and a lower chance of developing premature ageing.
Second, giving up smoking results in significant cost savings. Given the escalating price of cigarettes, smoking is a costly habit. People can eventually save a large sum of money by quitting smoking. These savings can be used for other things like education, travel, or investments, which will make your future more secure financially.
Last but not least, living a non-smoking lifestyle helps to keep the environment cleaner and healthier. Smoking puts smokers and anyone nearby at risk because cigarettes release dangerous chemicals into the air. People who don't smoke contribute to reducing air pollution and safeguarding the health of others, especially vulnerable groups like children and nonsmokers with respiratory issues.
Conclusion: Conclusion:
Numerous advantages of quitting smoking include better health, cost savings, and a cleaner environment. People may protect their health, save money, and help create a better society by choosing not to smoke. Accepting a smoke-free lifestyle is a step in the right direction for our own health and the health of those around us.
 
Yes,I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country.Smoking is injurious to health and is one of the reason of deaths.Smoking damages our all body parts.In restaurants,smoking should be completely banned as their are all type of persons. Some people like old age persons can have problem in breathing and small children can have bad effect on them. Children grow by seeing their elders so elders should be aware in front of children and stop smoking. It is a reason of wasting money,time .most of  the diseases are occurred due to smoking and it spread infection to all. If elders will not understand this then there will be a big problem as children will start smoking considering it a good thing. I would request all the elders to please stop this considering their health and future of a children.children learn from their families .the type of condition is at home children will get affected by them. Smoking can cause cancer which is most dangerous disease. We should make children aware about good or bad things.
"Yes agree non smoking  should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country and yes l am agree and smoking are bad for health and smoking are not Good health and smoking is no  and smoking are health problems smoking are lever problems and some other problems and all the health problems are smoking and smoking are not smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country all the people smoking and it is danger for are health future of or children is in the hand of elders so elders should stopped smoking . It is waste of money it Leeds to bed health. It Leeds to distorabance in family . It Leeds to bad mental health . The sorrounding people feel very uncomfortable when some one is smoking near by . So l conclude that smoking should be competily banned in all the public places and all over the country  person are parents so they can get affected by breathing and children would get wrong knowledge it will cause pollution in the environment which will cause pollution in the environment 
 "
Yes I agree smoking should be completey banned at all the restaurant in the country . Smoking are bad for health smoking are not good habits smoking are health problems smoking are money problem smoking are lever problems smoking are other problems for health smoking are jobs problems smoking are not good habits smoking should be completey banned at all the restaurant in the country smoking are family problems smoking are your problems and good habits it is dangerous for health and future of our children is in the hand of elders so elder should Stop smoking .it is waste your money children learn what happen In there houses so elders should be aware of children . parents should taught there child about good or bad things so they can't go in wrong direction.in restaurant all type of persons are present so they can get affected by it.old aged persons can have problem in breathing and children would get wrong knowledge .it will cause pollution in the environment which will be harmful for all living things.i would recommend all should aware about this.
Agree. As mention on the all the packets of cigarettes that  'tambaku can cause cancer'. Smoking can become the primary reason to cause lung cancer. Restaurants are public places, so smoking in public areas is unpleasant to others and it's harmful to children and senior citizens. smoking in restaurants can spread the wrong message towards young children that ' it's cool to be smoke in public'. Smoking during the mealtime reduces the appetite of the person. If a person come with family in a restaurant for a meal then smoking affects the quality family time of family. Smoking can cause the fire in the restaurants. restaurants don't need different area to allow smoking and so, more area can be used as common restaurant area, which can generate better revenue for restaurants. Because the rule will apply for whole country so customer will not get disappointed by seeing the 'No smoke' sign in restaurants. and restaurants will not lose the business because of 'No Smoke' sign board. The overall positive impact will happen on smoking culture, which leads to better health of overall country. because of above all reason I agree the statement "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
I strongly agree with the fact that smoking should be completely ban at all restaurants across the country. Firstly smoking is so bad for health lungs will be damaged. and will be diagnosis with lung cancer . which is so painful . it is dangerous it may even lead to death . Restaurants are visited by many kind of peoples  ex : old people, children , ill people, suffering from lung diseases which may harm their health . If it is an old aged person it may even cause death.  And the surroundings may pollute and it  may even harm to the people whoever near to the smoking person . it may even contaminate the food which we eat . if it is that necessary a separate smoking area should be provided in each and every restaurant where it is required . And the smoking area should be at a distance from the dining area in the restaurant . it is very harmful. smoking may damage our lungs and it may lead to death .thus in my opinion smoking should be banned throughout the country which will help to maintain a healthy environment in the restaurant  where people can enjoy their meal.      
"yes i agree with this statement because smoking should be banned in a restaurant because smoking is injurious to your health smoking cause their life to be death to ban the smoking in restaruants we should increasethe security in reasturatants   smoking can cause many dieases ,including cancer ,haert diease, stroke,and lung diease smoking can also damage your eyes,teeth,and glums 
smoking increase the risk of devolping type 2 diabetes smoking can`t be quit easily becasuse once smoking habitated cant leave easily and their lifes also been damged intheir life bascially what will happen means  restaurants  to avoid the smoking in restaurants you should allocate some polices in the their to avoid or to banned the alochol or cigratte in all country wide  smoking is now a days habiting the childrens to avoid the smoking their parents should guide as a we should ban in house smoking  i will guide like this a smoking is once habitated their can leave quickly  
mainly some reasturants is allowed for smoking i suggest  them to ban the smoking while selling ask them a age and show then to ask the govt id proof  while banning the smoking  govt should not produce any new manufartuer  to ban the smoking   "
I agree with this statement. We all know the bad affects of smoking, still it is being shown in every movie and many leading actors promote for advertisements. This sends a wrong signal to the people and especiaaly students who have a liking for movie stars will try to follow and get into this habit of smoking. It is not good for helth and for society. In restaurants if people smoke they will also harm the other people. this toxic gases released will harm the person who is smoking and also the others around. it further pollutes the air and makes toxic to everyone. seeing all the harms that are they causing to the society it is not at all supportive to permit smoking in restaurants. Further, the family will be worst hit with this habit. it may appear stylish but the impact on health is a major thing that should be thought.  The public places like restaurants will not be safe for children and others who visit it if smoking is allowed. Kids and children will be troubled with this habit. i request that governments must take action strictly to ban it and fine to be put on those who doesn't follow the rules. the officers must strictly see that it is not done without taking any money from them so that this habit can be put to an end. 
I strongly agree that smoking should be banned. A person smoking in a restaurant will be causing problem to others. Others also will get problems because of A person smoking. A person smoking may spoil the family, they have problem because of A person in the family smoking. A person might start smoking by looking at others in the family or by seeing A person who is smoking or by seeing A person like a film star smoking or A person like A person most liked sports person or many reasons to start smoking. If smoking is allowed in restaurants many will get affected. Some may not like this but their health will be spoil because of the other person smoking. A person smoking in A restaurant may make children and youth like to try this habit. They may start to try by looking at A person who smoke in restaurant. This kind of things happen because it is easy to get into bad habits. It look good for them at start but A person will understand about it later. It will be late when they understand about the bad things of health with smoking but it is difficult for them to stop at that time. It becomes difficult for them so, if A person is not allowed to smoke we can stop all these bad effects. 
Smoking in restaurants is a bad thing. It is not to be allowed, as it brings a lot of health problems with this habit. Now a days more number of people are picking up this habit by various reasons. They see so many famous people doing smoking so they think that it is a part of growing up. actually if no one in the family has this habit than also by looking at others it may become a habit to studnets and young people. it is very common to start smoking in the student life as they see it and want to try it for the fancy. they will not understand the bad problems taht come with smoking. by the time they understand it, they will be addicted to it and will not leave it and ill suffer so much with this habit. even though they know that it is bad for health they will stll smoke because in young age they do not knoe the risk. restaurants are those place which are visited by many people. so, there are many chances for anyone to easily get addicted to this by looking at others. so, it should not be allowed in palce slike restaurants. 
In many public places already smoking is banned. In previous days we used to see many people who smoked in buses and trains. This has reduced a lot now. But in restuarants it is somewhat allowed. In my opinion I think that it should be banned in restaurants. restaurants are the places which are visited by many people. people of all ages go to restauratnts. and during any celebrations people go. family birthdays and other functions also people go to restaurants. so, all age groups of people will be there and if small kids and children see someone smoking and if this habit is not there in family, they show curious, they will ask about it, and they will want to try it sometimes. all these can be stopped if it is not allowed in public places like a restarant. Those who go to a restaurant to happily enjoy will be having trouble because of the people who smoke their. at that moment of time they may have problem of health or later they may have trouble with lungs as it will also affect the people who are not smoking but who are present near the person smoking. so, smoking in restaurants if banned will have all good effects and the health of the people will not be effected. so, i strongly agree that smoking should be bnnned in restaurnts. 
Smoking should be banned in all the places including restuarants and at food centres .The people who don’t smoke are also getting affected because of inhaling air near a place where people are smoking  is causing them health issues .So smoking In public places should be banned in India .Usually in restuarants whole family will be gathered so smoking at those places will effect other  people  even kids will be present at the restuarants so exposing them smoking will efect them negatively .People who smoke must gather at some other place like bars and pubs may be a good altetnative for the people who smoke.Smoking itself is a bad habit that should be controlled .Should be in a limit.We have seen in many  advertisements even in theatres and also on poster etc.that should be controlled and should be banned in some public places .smoking shouldnt be encouraged .strict actions should be taken by the administration.Our actions shouldnt hurt others or shouldnt be causing disturbance to others .Smoking causes cancer and kills.It is ingurious to health.restuatrants comsists so many diverse people by keeping this in mind everyone should have responsibility in keeping other persons comfort and not causing disturbance to the society  
"Banning smoking completely is a complex issue, and a sudden ban may not be practical or effective. While the harmful effects of smoking are well-documented, an immediate prohibition would be difficult to enforce and could lead to various challenges. Smoking is already restricted in many places, such as public transportation, movie theaters, and indoor spaces. However, it is still allowed in specific areas, like designated smoking zones or trains.

A gradual approach to reducing smoking may be more effective than an abrupt ban. Sudden restrictions could create resistance among smokers, making it harder for them to quit. Many people become dependent on smoking, and quitting is a slow, challenging process. Policies should focus on reducing smoking in a way that allows people time to adjust while providing support systems to help those who want to quit.

Additionally, banning smoking entirely would require consideration of designated spaces where smokers can go, rather than forcing them into situations where they have nowhere to smoke. It is important to balance public health concerns with the realities of existing habits. Rather than imposing an immediate ban, governments and organizations should promote smoking cessation programs, increase awareness of its harmful effects, and encourage alternatives like nicotine replacement therapy.

In conclusion, while smoking is harmful, a sudden ban would be difficult to enforce and may not be practical. A gradual approach, along with educational efforts and proper regulations, would be a more effective way to reduce smoking over time while considering the challenges involved."
I think smoking should not be allowed in restaurants. It is not good for health. People smoke and other people have to smell the smoke. This is not fair. Some people have asthma or other problems, and smoke can make them feel bad. Also, children and old people can get sick from the smoke. Restaurants should be clean and fresh. People go to eat and enjoy with family and friends. But smoke makes the place smell bad. It can make food taste not nice. Some people feel uncomfortable when others smoke near them. If people want to smoke, they can go outside. Not inside the restaurant. It is better for everyone. Also, when people cannot smoke in many places, maybe they stop smoking. This is good for them and for all people. In some countries, smoking is not allowed in public places like restaurants and buses. This is a good rule. It helps people stay healthy. I think no smoking in restaurants is a good idea. Everyone can enjoy food and talk without problems. Clean air is important. Smoke is not good for health or for the environment. So, I agree with the rule. No smoking in restaurants is better for all people.
YES, smooking must be banned in not only resturants they must be banned in all over the country because, in resturants people come with family to eat the food biryani or what ever they eat if the family is eating and if someone is smoking from beside they will feel very uncomfortable and they will get affecetd they must be no smooking boards every where near the resturants and it should be striclty banned the govt should issue some rules regarding smooking and awarepublic that its not good to smoke but unofrtunetly the govt is only giving permission for the supply of the cigrettes and they must be very carefull that the childrens will get affected by smoke if someone is smooking around them they should be banned smooking and the govt should give certain protocalls and remove smooking products so that they can be free enviornment by smoke free the our india stands (180+ AQI) in air quality where austraila they stand (10+ AQI) we can see the difference this is due to pollution also and the moking causes cancer to humans since their is no cure for cancer we must avoid smoking and we must spread awarness about smooking we must take a certain action to this things
I agree with the statement that Smoking should be banned in the restaurants .The Restaurants is a place where the family or friends come together to celebrate or have just go there for change of taste. it is also a place where we eat ;it is basic manner to keep the place where we eat neat before and after ,so how can we pollute it with cigarettes ,which are made up of chemicals it is not only harmful for the person who is smoking but also for the people around him. smoking is during meal not only causes disturbance to you but also to all of them who have come with you, so smoking should be banned in the restaurants .smoking in restaurants should be banned not only because it is harmful but also it kills the people moods and appetite to eat and enjoy their time .  therefore smoking should be banned in the restaurants for safety of other people and helping the person to get rid of there habit.
