Smokers not only endangers their lives but also people around them. I remember read an article saying that compared to smoker themselves, people around them are exposed to more than 70% of dangers of smoke. Thus, smoking in public places especially in restaurants is a serious offend and they should be given a very heavy punishment. Exposure of smoke especially in restaurants may put them in a very terrible health issue. Imagine kids, pregnant ladies, babies, or even heart problem people are exposed to this harm smoke. The smell itself may harm these people. Its not fair to harm others for the sake of own satisfaction. People who come to restaurant are craving for tasty food. Unfortunately, they are exposed to inhale the worst smell ever. This may lead to asthma attacks or cancer gradually. If there is a heart problem people in the restaurant and someone who is sitting next to them are smoking, this may cause death to the patient. The smell of the smoke attacks the heart and blood vessels which may cause in increasing of the heart attack and stroke. Some restaurants are in a closed area and the smoke are still inside the premises which may harm everyone in the premises. Thus, smoking in public places especially in restaurants should be strongly prohibited and serious penalty or punishment should be given as this may lead to death if no serious action taken by the authorities.
Smoking is known to be the cause of many diseases such as lung disease, hypertension, and cancer. In Malaysia, many people have died from smoking since many years ago. Despite that some people are still not aware of the risk of smoking. In my opinion, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country as a stepping stone to be a smoke-free nation like Sweden. Even though they have the right to smoke, they should always be considerate of other people. Smoking in the restaurants does not only affect the smokers but also people around them. People around them who are exposed to the smoke can get secondhand smoke which can lead them to suffering from harmful health effects. This is especially dangerous to children. Many cases have proven that exposing to smoke can even cause death. Not only it is dangerous, smoking in the restaurants portrays a negative example to children. Since children can easily influenced by the surrounding, they might find that it is right to smoke at the restaurants. In Malaysia, people who smoke at the restaurants can face fines and imprisonment penalties. Thus, smoking at the restaurants can cause many negative consequences to the public. 
 While banning smoking in all the restaurants in the country may seem a bit extreme from the first look, it really is not so when investigated in depth. Personally, I do agree that all restaurants in the country should ban smoking for multiple reasons. In this essay, I will discuss the most crucial of them.
To begin, the most important reason for banning smoking is its effect on non-smokers. No one is obligated to inhale the smoke that is produced by smokers. Not only it would be a major inconvenience for those in the area, but it would also severely affect their health in what is known as  Negative Smoking .
On another note, smoking can be done anywhere, so there is no sensual reason why smokers must do it inside a closed area with non-smokers around. Smokers can simply leave the premises to finish smoking, then enter back inside. There are also certain places with dedicated smoking areas, which is considered a fair solution if leaving the area is too much of a hassle.
In conclusion, I find that it is reasonable for restaurants across the country to ban smoking once and for all. However, restaurants can implement the idea of providing dedicated smoking spaces if they are keen to maintain their customers' satisfaction. 
 The  No Smoking  signs are commonly seen in various places, especially in indoor spaces. From digital to print media, we have seen and been educated of the harmfulness of smoking. This has naturally ingrained in us, so much so that when most people see cigarettes, they see red flags associating cigarettes as something bad for health.  I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all eateries in the country. 

In my view, restaurants are places meant for customers to enjoy their meal, the ambience and the dining experience. Providing a pleasant dining experience is an important aspect in food and beverage industry. Therefore, F&B industry should make sure dining regulation is in placed to prioritize their services and customers dine in experience.  Imagine breathing in the smoke from the neighboring table when you are having your meal. This is an immediate put off that makes your dining experience unpleasant. Besides that, exposure to smoke could cause discomfort to individual in different ways. Most importantly, the well-known health factor points out that smoking is bad for our health as it could lead to organ failure and decrease our life span. To consider this matter in a big picture, the disadvantages of smoking outweigh its benefit, therefore, smoking should be fully banned at all the restaurants in the country 
Yes, I agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. This is because smoking brings more harm than good. Especially in a restaurant which is a public space and constantly packed with families with young children. Nobody wants to see kids breathing air that is filled with cigarette smoke. On top of that, inhaling second-hand smoke is equal to being the smoker himself. This is because it can lead to various health-related problems. For instance, lung cancer, stroke, heart disease, and chronic bronchitis. The worst part is that it affects those around the smoker. In addition, they set a terrible example for the kids and this can lead them to try smoking as they see it as an encouragement. Hence, smoking should be prohibited as it is the only way to avoid youngsters from smoking at an early age. Next, smoking at a restaurant is just blatantly rude. People pay for their food to have a great taste not to have it tastes like cigarette smoke. Besides that, some people dump their cigarette butts as they please. This is very dangerous as it can cause a fire unintentionally. There have been thousands of cases because of this hence smoking in a public space like an eatery should be taboo. Although banning smoking is not easy but in order to make it work, the first step must be taken. In conclusion, it is clear that smoking should be illegal as it would enhance the health of thousands of people.  
 I strongly agree that Smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in this country. many health cases involving smokers and it increases every year. the rate of smokers also increased because now many young people follow the older people to smoke because they are attracted to such a lifestyle. smoking is very dangerous because the smoke is unpleasant to smell. as a result will cause lung failure. In recent times, there have also been many cases involving babies who died due to lung failure and difficulty breathing due to inhaling cigarette smoke. besides, it is not only famous for health problems, it also involves a high cost to buy the cigarette. the price charged is more expensive because it is an imported item from abroad. smoking has more disadvantages than advantages. it also affects an unhealthy lifestyle. this matter needs to be emphasized more by the government for the good of the people. for example, the government imposes expensive fines on those who smoke in restaurants and so on. besides that, the school also needs to take actions such as increasing the number of anti-smoking programs in order to nurture young children so that they do not become a group that is easily influenced by bad culture and become useful people.
 
Yes, I agree. As what we taught about the impact of smoking, it can give you a bad or even worst impact for our health. Smoking have a big risk and chance of getting diseases such as lung disease and cancer. That is the most common disease when they always smoke. But, they still choose to smoke. Most worst things is when they are smoking in public places that there are so many people go whether a closed area or an open area such as in the restaurants. It is not only giva a impact to smoker but also to anyone who inhaled the cigarette smoke. It can increase the risk of developing heart disease. The pregnant women also have a big risk during their pregnancy when they are exposed to it. In fact, even they are not smoker, they still exposed to same things as active smokers. They also need to considered the health risk of the staff in the restaurant. Smoking in the restaurant should be ban so that their activity does not cause a harm to other people. The environment might effect to the food and drink as from a healthy food and drink to a bad ones as it get expose with polluted air such as cigarette smoke. In addition, if the children at the restaurant who already has Asthma and are exposed to the smoke, they will feel suffocate and then will be admitted in the hospital for the treatment. So, for me, I agree that smoking in public should be ban for better and healty environment. The smoker also need to remember that they should respect people around them and implement a healthy life cycle.
 According to the statement, I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in the country. A restaurant is a common area where everyone will gather around together to eat, therefore, there are many justifications for prohibiting smoking in restaurants. 

First and foremost, smoking should be prohibited in restaurants since it bothers non-smokers, especially while they are trying to enjoy their meals. Smoke can negatively affect diners, which can ruin their meal. A smoking ban in restaurants will alleviate this problem and provide a more comfortable environment for everyone. 

In addition, smoking is obviously bad for one's health, as well as the health of those around them.  Babies, young children, elderly people, and pregnant women are all exposed to secondhand smoke in restaurants. As a result, we may protect non-smokers from the negative effects of secondhand smoke by prohibiting smoking in public places like restaurants.

Besides that, restaurants should ban smoking since we need to promote a healthy way of living. A smoking ban in restaurants might motivate smokers to gradually reduce their public smoking, which could result in healthier people and the environment. In short, this can lower the number of smokers in public places.

In essence, the reasons indicated above are the reasons I believe smoking should be prohibited in all restaurants across the nation simply because it causes more harm than good. Smokers must be aware that they put their lives along with others in danger, hence they must respect others' rights too. To improve the environment of our community, those in charge of the restaurants and all other properties should ban smoking.
 Smoking is known to be harmful to health and yet people are still doing it in public and private areas. I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country because of the secondhand smoke effect, expand the business and improving health rates.

 Secondhand smoke is harmful for the people who is around the active smokers. This will create serious health issues for people around them especially children, pregnant women and senior citizens who are in fragile state. For example health issues like respiratory infections, lung cancer and birth defects. If smoking is banned in all restaurants, it will create a healthier environment for the public including the workers.

 Implying smoke-free environments for restaurants would help to expand the business. Business owners will gain a lot of benefits such as larger group of customers, a great reputation of the restaurant and gain more profits. Smoke-free restaurants would not only attract non-smokers or any individuals that have health issues but also tourists from different countries. 

 Last but not least, banning smoking in public areas such as restaurants should be banned to increase our health rates. Banning smoking is a crucial step to stop youths from smoking. This is because restaurants are the public area where all ages of people are there and every action of the adults are being observed by the youths. Banning smoking in public restaurants will help to lower the risk of secondhand smoke and discouraging youths to smoke.

 In conclusion, I strongly agree to ban smoking in all restaurants across the country to minimize the secondhand smoke effect, expand the business and improve health rates. With the regulations, a healthier and more comfortable dining experience can be enjoyed by everyone.


 
 I agree that smoking should be universally prohibited within all restaurants across the country. There are several reasons why it is advisable to do so such as health considerations, public safety and providing a pleasant environment.

First and foremost, smoking is hazardous for both smokers and non-smokers. With the action of banning smoking in restaurants, it will help to protect the health and well-being of customers and employees. This will reduce the probability of those people catching any health issues that are related to the consequences of smoking such as respiratory problems, asthma or dry cough.

Next, having a smoke-free policy in restaurants will enhance the overall safety of the public. This is said because it can decrease secondhand smoke exposure for non-smokers. Thus, it will protect their health, especially for vulnerable populations such as pregnant women, children and the elderly. Besides, it will also prevent any accidental fires on the premises. As a matter of fact, a smoke-free policy will ensure public safety and help protect lives and property.

Furthermore, without the smoke from cigarettes, it will improve the air quality around us. The toxic chemicals that were left behind by the smoke would create an unpleasant smell for anyone around. Thus, when smoking activities are eliminated, the air quality improves significantly. Hence, it will leave a clean and fresh atmosphere for everyone in the restaurants. This will allow all customers to enjoy their meals without the discomfort of smoking activities. 

In conclusion, I strongly agree with the statement to ban smoking completely in all restaurants across the country. By supporting a complete ban on smoking at all restaurants in the country, we can prioritize peoples' health, prioritize public safety and contribute to a pleasant environment for everyone. 
      Smoking in public spaces is known for causing quite a nuisance to society in general, particularly non-smokers who would prefer the prospect of eating in peace, without the stench of cigarettes hanging in the air. Personally, I would prefer to codify such a rule officially, so that smoking in restaurants would not be a legal option for all.
     Firstly, cigarette smoke has been known to cause great harm to one's respiratory system over long periods of time. This damage is less substantial to some, but it can be life-threatening to others. The soot and tar linger in the lungs for a lifetime, and many smokers have fallen prey to lung cancer. Thus, I would prefer to opt out of such circumstances entirely in a restaurant.
     Besides that, cigarette smoke can make public spaces less accessible for disabled people. Those who are struggling with respiratory issues such as asthma will be affected the most, as cigarette smoke could potentially trigger a sudden asthmatic reaction. The irritants in the smoke are known to aggravate such conditions. Thus, it is imperative that we make sure public spaces are accessible to the disabled community.
     Finally, cigarette smoke in restaurants can also be an issue for the owners of these establishments as well. If customers find themselves disturbed by the presence of cigarette smoke, they might be less prone to eat at restaurants. This blow to the business would be rather unfavorable to these owners. Thus, they should also have a say in banning smoking in restaurants.
     In conclusion, I believe it is necessary to take a strict stance against smoking in restaurants for the sake of our health and safety. This goes beyond profits and into the realm of the general well-being of the populace. 
