 The cost of higher education is really big problem for some student who are not rich from families. Some students who live far from families need to rent a place to stay. For some, a part-time job can be able way to help them to spend for the rent and food. However, there are both advantages and disadvantages to balancing work and school.

         Having a part-time job can provide students with work experience and help them develop important skill such as communication, teamwork and heard work. In addition, earning from work would help them not to worry a bout the money for spending.

         Working while in university can also make them live independent from parents. Sometime they can help parents not to send money to support them. In addition, some students would be happy with a part-time job because a part-time job provide them such as clothes and food that they want.

         Anyway, working while in university must be depend on school schedule. Some of students may not study well because they are tired from work. Some other students may missed the class and do not join group assignment. In case some parents may not allowed their children to work.

         In conclusion, having a part-time job can be provide them both way. With valuable experience and the money support it's also very important to balance the time between work and study. In my opinion, the students should have a part-time job. A part-time job would help them to earn money and get good experience. I have seen a lot of people succeed from work and study at the same time.  
      The college students lift is different with the high school students. They have to leave home to be continuo their studying at university is one of the difficult in their life. There are three reasons that make the college students to have a part-time job.
     First, they make their parents happy because the first salary that they have from their part-time job is very important and can help their parents for their some expand in daily life. If they don't have the part-time job, their parents have to send them 80$ to 100$ per month, but when they get a part-time job they don't need their parent's money. 
    Second, get a lot of experience from their part-time job. It makes them easy to find the good job when they finish the university. They have more skills to make something new that bring many benefits to themselves. 
    Third, the part-time job make the students to know how to spend money because,  money is very important for everyone and not easy to find it, but somebody said money is not important for everyone but if they have no money they can't do any things.
     The part-time job is important for the college students because, it can make the students to know how to prepare their time and change their habit to be more better and bring them to be a good person.
 
         College is a time of exploration and learning, and many students use this time to focus on their studies in each departments. While some college students choose to work part-time jobs to earn extra money, it is not necessary for all students to do so. There are some factors that showed it is not important for college students to have a part-time job.
        Firstly, it is a time for college students focus on their studies. College is a time when students are required to take a variety of courses and maintain good grades in order to graduate and pursue their career goals. Basically, this requires a significant amount of time and effort, and taking on a part-time job can interfere with students' ability to focus on their studies. Secondly, they need to make time for their self-studying in individual and group. This is to say, many students may need to use their free time to participate in the activities or work on group projects, which can be difficult to balance with a part-time job. In other words, they take the time from the class to do some research about their learning. Finally, college students may face a variety of challenges and stressors that can make it difficult to balance a part-time job with their academic and personal responsibilities. For example, students may experience financial stress or mental health issues that can impact their ability to work and perform well in school. Otherwise, it may be more important for students to prioritize their health and wellbeing over a part-time job.
         In conclusion, while some college students may choose to work part-time jobs to earn extra money or gain experience, it is not important for all students to do so. Students should take their time on focusing in their studies, make time for their self-studying and take themselves to an easier without stress for their goal.
 
 After graduated from high school student are to going to attend the university in order to continue their study and start a new destination of life as college students. Is it important for college student to have part-time job? There are two good reasons to have part-time job.
Firstly, for college students who are interested in working part-time there are many beneficial for them. They can get money to support themselves and their studying. When we inter the university, we are not further totally depending on our parents' money, so working is the best choice for us. Moreover, part-time job does not demand our 24 hours to do, so it does not affect our studying at school and we still have enough time to do the homework or assignment that professors have provided.
Secondly, we can learn and get a lot of experience from work. When we enter college, it feels like we step in to the new world and we will meet with new people, so working will teach us a good lesson how to live in socialize. 
Inconclusion, it is very essential for college student to have part-time job because it provides us many beneficial. In addition, part- time job also help us to sharpen our skills and prepare ourselves to obtain a better position in the future. 
The world is developing. Many young generations have opportunity to attend the university class.Some of them are working as a part time job, while they are studying. There are both positive negative thing of having part time job in college life.

The advantages of having part time job are, they will be able to afford their school materials or school fee by themselves. They are course books, Notebooks, bags, pens, etc. In some cases, some students are from the poor families. The parents lack of money they probably cannot support them everything as they wish. The best way is they have to work a few hours a day to earn some money that can complete their need. Another negative thing is, they can increasing their experiences of working. They will learn new skill or technic of doing something better than who did not. They can practice their knowledge that they getting from school. Especially, they are going to know how to cooperate with their workmate. They know better how to work with people by understanding the differences of human characteristic. After they finish the college, they can apply for a better job and they can add this important information to their curriculum vitae.

In the other hand, the negative thing if they spent to much time for working they are goin to lose their concentrate on studing. Some time the are getting tired so they cannot complete their homework as well. 

In conclusion, spending time on working part time job to much is the negative thing. The students will lose their concentrate on study but this is not a big problem. We still can have found more advantages than disadvantages. They still can achieve this mission by just following their own rules.
 University life is really important for all of those who just graduate grade 12 and want to learn more about their favorite skill. It is the time for them to go far away from their houses in order to study in the city. They are going to spend a lot on their studies. It is essential for students to have part-time jobs during their university lives.
	First, working as part-time job is essential for students to learn about the societies and gain experience. Of course, it is good for all of those students to train a lot about the jobs that are related to their school subjects or skills as well as receive plenty of experiences and learn what the society is.
	Second, working the part-time job also help students on their study spend. As we know, university students have to live apart from their parents by their own, so all of spend is on them. For example, they have to pay for school feel, rent room, buy food, gasoline vehicles, so it is good for them to earn some profit to support their daily spend. 
	Some people might think that working during their university life affects their studies. I do not agree with that I think we can get many benefits of working part-time. As I mentioned, in the essay above, it provided experience, learned about the society and help the spend of students.
	In total, working part-time job during university life is beneficial. It gives us experience, learn about something in society and also provides help to students of their spend on studies.


 
 College students should have a part-time job while they are studying. It is very important them to have some work experiences, and learn new things from their job as well. There are several reasons why having a part time job is essential.

Firstly, having a part-time job can provide students with many life skills. For example, they can learn how to do teamwork, and communication skills that will be useful for their future careers. In addition, It can help them learn how to manage their time effectively, as they have to balance their studies and working.

Secondly, having a part-time job can also help students financially. It can reduce the need for student loans and help students pay for their college education and living expenses. 

Lastly, having a part-time job can also help improve your confidence. This means that you will learn new skills and gain experience, which can make you feel more capable and confident in your abilities. Also it provides you with valuable work experience for applying new job in the future.

Overall, having a part-time job can be great opportunity for students to gain experience and earn extra money, which can help them manage their expenses and improve their skills. I strongly believe that college students should consider taking up a part-time job during their studies.
  
             Both studying and working are always important. Nowadays many people are continuing their study at university after graduated from high school. Because they believe that the higher education they get, the more opportunity they can find a better job. That is why most of the college students they decided to work and study at the same time. I totally agree with the view that  It is important for college students to have a part time job. 
            Working during attending school provides more benefits to the student. First, it helps them improve their social skill. Especially, people who are introvert. They will change automatically. When they meet a lot of people from difference field they will get used to people and understand more how the world is like. Social connection can allow students to build or create relationship and friendship. Moreover, students can also build their confidence and braveness to talk or to express their ideas and show their real ability. Second, they can use their budget that they get from work to support their study or daily needs. For instance, they can use that money to pay for school fees. Also, they can even support their daily expenses such as food clothes and room that you rent for living. Working also facilitate family responsibilities. Third, time management also one of the reasons why students should have job to do. Especially, students who are working full time.  
              In my opinion, it is relevant for college students to have a job while in school. It makes them become stronger and they can challenge themselves in that hard situation. Also, when you apply for jobs after graduation, you can add your relevant work background in your resume, which may improve your chances of finding a position in your business. 
 Of course we agree with collage students to have a part-time job to find work experience and money to support their study and work. It's very important because part time is a good way to help them, family and support their study. I think they should have a part-time job.
Most students who study in university or collage should to have a part-time job because in their collage life need a lot of expend on their own daily life
Part time job is the best way to find work experience. It's very important, when they graduate collage, they need to find  a full time job. So when they had a work experience it'll help them on their work. Example: While they study at university  they worked as an English assistant teacher with the native teacher.Can have a quality, teach and it's a good opportunity to get a high salary and become a professional teacher.
Second, part-time job can make them have a high income and it's can help on their expend for rent house, food, drinks, clothes, electric bill, water bill, skincare…. So when they don't have work all expend are on their family, but when they have a part-time job, they can pay it by themselves or get a little bit money from their family. So it's the way that can help their parents.
In conclusion I would like to say that part-time job is very important to help them on daily life and collage life. I hopefully students in the collage can find a good job and get more experience from their part time job and full time job to success in their life. In the end I would like to tell them should to manage time in the way that both your study and work won't get affected. 
 
 Working part-time is a very good way that can help students to have more abilities and skills to improve their knowledge and can earn more money while they are in high school or university. I agree with the view that  College students need to have a part-time job.    

Firstly, in our society nowadays, there are many companies and many workplaces that are mostly working by students who are in college. For Example, Students are working as an assistant teachers in many private schools, hotels, and restaurants. Especially for the poor students who are from the countryside and looking for jobs to support themselves and also their studying.  

Secondly, working part-time jobs are an important part in which the students can gain more experience that can help them easy to apply for new jobs after finishing college. For instance, in each company or working place entry requires at least one year of experience for each employee.

Finally, most of those part-time jobs are related to their skills which can help to improve their communication skills and get more knowledgeable about society.

In conclusion, The good things about working part-time jobs for students are improving more abilities, communication skills, and knowledge and letting the students understand how to manage themselves and their time while they are studying and know more about society.
 
Knowledge has known as an important key for people. No matter about age, gender, or living conditions everyone still has the opportunity to study. Besides that, as an adult, we have to work while studying. I strongly agree with the view of  It is important for college students to have a part-time job. 

Firstly, I think a part-time job might help college students to become confident. When they work probably can be in socializing with others. For example, an introverted person is scared to be social but they have to face it. 

Secondly, gaining more experience based on their major or can understand much faster during work and study at the same time. For an instant, students learn about TEFL Major at university and they volunteer in community or school to gain more experience for their major and they can gain more credits to apply for a job when they graduate. 

Lastly, while studying they can control or manage their finances which money that they earn by themselves. They don't need to ask their guardian for the money. Besides that, they can save up the money to pay their school fees or living condition while living apart from their family. 

In conclusion, college students should have a full-time job or part-time job while studying. They can gain more confidence to face socializing, experiences to find a better job and be able to manage their living condition.  
          I agree with the statement that  it is important for college students to have a part time job  because they can get some money from the jobs to support their study. 

         Part time job is very important, we are getting new experience from work.  it also teaches people about lesson life. for another, collage students should change their part time jobs for six months once because students can know what they want to do or what type of job they love. For example, Lita is a college student, at the first year Lita worked in the restaurant on service for 5 months then she stopped. after that, she worked at the hotel for 6 months then she stopped to work there. at the last, Lita decided to do the volunteer teacher in KNE School and she love this job. Finally, she started to study at university in Khmer subject and then she became a good at Khmer teacher. 

        All of these reason, it shows that part time job is important for college students however you don't forget to spend time on your study. Make sure that you can control your time on study and work. Work hard study hard.

 
      In society nowadays college students are mostly working. Because they need to support their family and themselves. So, as a student they cannot have a full-time job. Because they must spend their time studying too. For me, I think students should have a part time job. In addition, study must spend a lot of things such as food electric water and other materials things. Therefore, the family cannot help them all time. Anyway, it important for college students to have a part time job. Moreover, the students can also get new experiences while they are studying so that when they graduate, they can have a good job. Especially fit with the major that they have been chosen. And knew what kind of job they absolutely love. Also know how hard the work is. May people in my family have a job when they study, and they can help themselves when they study at the same time, I want to hav a job too as soon as I can, so that I can help myself for study at the university. 

In conclusion, I think univesity students should have their part-time job, but not the full-time job as they need to put more time for learning, and if they have full-time job, they will get anything from learning at school. 
So all students should get only part-time while they are learnign at the university. 

     
 I agree that the part time is very good for the university students as I have experienced to japan.  I saw that the university at japan they always find the part time job to do during study. 
Partime job it can help the university students to help their family to reduce school fee and meal fee. Moreover, Part time job it can provide us an experience to reach our goal either and we can study a lot from work place about the work flow and working environment. 
Part time job for university students it can make our country runs smoothly .
The people who have the part time job during study it can make them with the strong person and strong life due the life is struggle and they will know the money is not easy to find.
How ever, University students they have tried to do their best to find the part time job. They should not discriminate the working, Even though that job is waitress or Gardner .
For example. As me after I have graduated my first job is worker and after that I work as waitress. So we have try our best to do what we can do and the dream will be come true 
To conclude above topic I would to request our government or Schools Monitor to make the exhibition of job inside the school or public place.  It is the easy way or chance for the university students to find the job. Thanks. 
 The number of university graduates around the world expected to nearly double over this decade and next to reach 300 million by 2030. However, obtaining a part-time job would help them to figure out their financial problem both gaining experience and making network. 
One of the biggest reasons why college students should have a part-time job is to pay their tuition. The university cost has been raising rapidly in recent years and many of the students can't afford, due to the finical problems; therefore, having a part-time job helps them in this case. For example, in the city I am living, there are many college students obtaining a part-job.
Another factor why college students should have a part-time job is to gain experience. For instance, if they are in TESOL major, they can employ the teaching techniques or methods they learn from their part-time classes. By doing this, they are able to investigate their weakness and strength while the others, who do not have a part-time job, have no chance to do so. Additionally, they can also learn other skills such as time management, and communicative skills or they might have chance to join any podiums or workshops assigned by their supervisor. 
	The last reason why part-time job is important is to make a network. While working, they may meet variety of people who come from different  background. Additionally, knowing more people will help them to easily get information of the job or they may have opportunities to work with those people in the future. 
All in all, having a part-time job really impacts on college students' lives since it gives chance to personalize skills they learn from school, build communication skills, gain experiences and obtain job opportunities. 
 
 Education is the most powerful weapon that can change the world, said Neson Mondola, a former Nobel Peace prize winner and a former president of the South African country. However, education is the long-term investment. Therefore, most parents send the children to pursue their studies till university. There, the students encounter many hurdles that are needed to puzzle out. One of those problem is the expense. Then is it important for them to have a part-time job?
It is very important for a college student to have a part-time job because they will make some more money adding to the money supported by their parents. Some part-time jobs are better paid, so the college student can survive by themselves. Sometimes, they ask their parents to pay for only the school fee and keep the rest of the expense for themselves. For instance, the school fee is 600 US dollars a year, so they ask this amount of money from their parents. Even this money is already hard for the parents to find. Some parents try their best for this money, some decided to sell some of their heritage for this money. What happens, if their children ask for more money for daily expense. It will become another loading for those parents. Otherwise, if they children could find a part-time job, then they can earn some money for supporting themselves, particularly their spending every day for food so on and so for. If it is possible, the students are able to save the money from their part-time job, for also their school free. It will be the best for them.
Concluding, I want to express my support for a college student to have a part-time job in order to support themselves and also to help their parents. 
 Students at university level meet many obstacles that cause them feel tired to solve sometimes. That's why finding the income for supporting themselves is important because it can help them in many cases during their university lives.
First of all, they would earn money even they haven't finished their study yet. Thus, they don't depend absolutely on their parents who work ready hard to sponsor their children to complete this high level. With this money, the students can pay for their school fee, studying material so on.
Next, the students can explore more experiences on the real field, not only studying in the class that gain only mostly theory. This is the golden chance that the students can apply what they have learnt from their classroom to real situation. Then they can measure their ability in order to develop it as possible.
Finally. the student will have chance to build up the network to be ready for the future profession because working in one place they might know the relevant people who are working in the right fields they are studying. Hence, after graduation, they might find the right and good job with the better salary.
In contrast, working during studying will make them even busier. As a result, they cannot afford their time for their study and then their study might be bad and it is possible to fail in their exam. As you know, studying in this level, the students will get a plenty of homework from their lecturers.
To make it short, having a part-time job for college students illustrate both advantages and disadvantages, but if the students can schedule their time properly, it would be helpful. Then, it becomes very important for them to both work and study. 
 Collage students are normally busy with school work; they most spend their focusing on that in a hope the result of their study would be great and then they are able to find a good job with high salary. Anyway, What is the reason why they need to have a part-time job since when they haven't finished their study yet?
The first reason is that they can practice what they have learnt from school to the real situation, not only theory. For example, they already learnt about one teaching method called task-based learning. Then, they might use what task-based learning is to the real classroom of their part-time job. After that, they will evaluate what they learnt and real apply in order that they can see the strength and weakness of teaching and learning using task-based learning method. Finally, they might improve their weakness. As a result, they will become a good teacher in the future because they have chance to improve their profession since they are college students.
The second reason is that they will meet the problems and try to find the better solutions in advance. It means that when they practice a lot of problems they might meet. Then they will discuss with their colleagues or their lecturers to seek for the solutions. 
Last but not least, if collage students are spare their time doing both studying and having a part-time job, that would be great for them because they can improve their skills before being in the real society. Their future would be bright with a job with a good salary and they will be successful in their jobs. 
 
 Investing in studying is a long-term effect; that's why a lot of parents send their children to as high level as possible in a hope that their future will be bright and help them when they are old in return. Otherwise, the expense of the school fee become the main concern for both parents and students themselves. Finally, some of them decide to look for some part-time jobs for the income while studying.
The first benefit of having a part time job for college students is to earn money to help their parents paying for the school fee and their daily expenses. If they move to the capital for studying in this level, they have to rend a room, buying food and other households. Money from this part-time job goes vital.
The second benefit from it is to reduce stress from their tough time at school because normally their lecturers assign them a variety of homework and assignment to do. When the over-loading of this work and the deadline come closer, they will feel stressful. However, a part-time job might be helpful for them.
The third benefit is for making new friend besides their classmates. This might be strange, but it is true. In this work place, the students might find better and right friends who can help them whenever they complete course from their schools. As a result, it might be helpful for them either. Thus, it becomes a chance that students could catch up.
Last but not least, having a part-time job for college student is good because this is their perfect chance to earn money. Then they might feel freer and finally they can make more potential friends. As mentioned above, I motivate the college students to explore jobs while studying because it is completely necessary.  
 Students try their best to reach their goal after studying. To get to their goals, they started hard since kindergarten level and now they are at university level. Therefore, they have to try even harder because studying in this level is not easy. Is it possible for them to have a part-time job while they are college students? There are some reasons for the answer YES.
The first reason is money. Some students move form province to the capital, so they have to rend a room, pay for food and other essential household every day, plus the school fee. The school fees differ depending on the standard of the curriculum. When the students meet these troubles, the best solution is to find any part-time job.
The second reason is experience. Experience is very important for the senior students because it is even harder to find full time job without any experience. After applying their CV for a job, they are normally required to take an interview. During interviewing, they will ask about the experience related to that job and position they are applying. Based on the experience from their part-time job since student period, it can help them to be a considering candidate and finally they will be selected to work in that place. Thus, working as a part-time job is the first step to the second step and eventually to get successful.
In conclusion, parti-time job is very good for college students because it is a chance they can  make extra money to support everything they need to expense during studying. Then, they will gain the fruitful experience for the future career. Please try to spare your time for a part-time job.  
 
 To develop one country, human resource is highly required because everything is from this point of view. Qualified human resource can be the strongest basic for lifting one country to be improved, particular this technology era. Human resource comes from education where students are trained to be educated. During studying, is it good if the students have a part-time job?
To me, there are pros and cons for this question. Let me raise some good points of having that job.
The first good point is that the students will earn some money to help pay for their daily life need, or with that money, they are able to pay for their school fee. That would be great for them because this can make not to worry much on that case.
The second point is that the students learn how to communicate with other people in the real society. During working, they will be with other people in their workplace, not only their classmates. Then getting well or not so well with those people depends mainly on their latent.
In contrast, having a part-time job for collage students might make their study be back because they cannot focus on their study 100 percent. They have to spare their time for working and the rest of their time for studying. Sometimes, they sleep in the class because over-loading work from their part-time job.
To make the essay short, I think having a part-time job for collage student is so vital; the reasons are mentioned above. Thus, I want to see collage students could schedule their time for both studying and working. Then, everything will go smoothly. At the end, they will be successful, broth their study and job. This is what most of the students want. 
 Do you think school is the only place for you to learn? No, learning is not only from school. School is just a place that you can prove with a piece of paper relevant to your academic performance after you graduate from many theories . To me, anyone can be your teacher, anywhere could be learned, especially from the community you live in. I would agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job based on three remarkable reasons such: students could apply theories they learnt without any delay, students could bring some practicum from outside to reflect in school, and financial support.

Working place is a place where you can apply your theories from school and to measure much you comprehend. By working, students are able to gain some experience as their stepping stone to a big job. However, if we take a look at some students who don't have any chance to practise, they may forget what they have learnt so far and have zero experience. So, I strongly agree that students should have a part time job during their college.

In another reason, absorbing experiences from outside also helps students to do well in school. As we know that school provides lectures and all of those need real reflection and experience to accompany each other. That's why I can say that students should look outside the box to complete something in the box. So, it's a matter of work. 

Last but not least, working totally could help some students with financial support as they have a difficult background. As for myself, my family couldn't support me well for my studies as I have to spend on many items. So, I have to work even if I don't want to. However, at the same time, I can apply, learn and earn money.
A part-time job plays a fundamental role in making it easier for college students to pursue
their studies. I strongly agree with the topic  It is important for college students to have a part-time job  due to a number of reasons.
First of all, a part-time job allows college students to have a chance to make money. For instance, when students have a part-time job, they will be able to earn money to support their studies or other necessary requirements without asking for help from their parents or guardians through working in different sites. In addition, students will definitely be able to have an opportunity to get new experiences, such as working in hotels, restaurants, guesthouses, in schools etc while they are studying in the university. Last but not least, a part-time job provides more opportunities to build their new networks. To illustrate, college students can have opportunities to communicate with new that they have not seen before so that they will feel comfortable dealing with other people when they graduate from the university.
To sum up, I believe that a part-time job is absolutely crucial for university students thanks to the above-mentioned reasons, such as having a chance to make money, getting new experiences, and building new networks. 
          A part-time job is essential for university students. Studying in universities is focusing specifically on the major that related to our future job and we also need to spend a lot of money to pay for our study. If the university is far away from where we live, so we have to rent a house and we have to pay for it each months also for the food everyday. It's not enough at all if we only depend on our family to pay for it. In order to solve this problem, we have to find a part-time job to earn the money to support our study at university. Moreover, having a part-time job can also help university students to earn more experience in working and it allows them to get to know new people in their work place. Especially, if their part-time jobs are fit with the major that they are studying at university, so they can apply everything that they have learned in real life, and they can improve themselves. 
             In conclusion, I strongly agree that part-time job is crucial for all the colleges students to find new experience or opportunities to improve themselves. They can also earn the money to support their study and their living. Part-time job is also allowed them to get to know more people in society and themselves.
 
