For my opinion smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country for some reason. There are 13.04% of smokers in Cambodia by 2021. Smoking are harmed for people health it can cause many trouble thing that can kill the people from a bit to a bits. Restaurant is a place where people eat and drink, so smoking can affect to other customers. So what are the reason that smoking should be banned in the restaurants? The first of all we have to know how smoking can harmed to your health and how many trouble illness that can cause to your boby. Lung cancer is the first thing to mention. All the cigarette have alot of chemical affected it stronge enough to destroy your lungs. When you smoke in a restaurant the smoke would be fly all around the coners of the restaurant. So, many peolpe would have collected all the same into their lung. After that it would cause health problem also it very disrespect to other customer who there to eat their food, After they smelled the smoke it ruined their feeling and the food it might not be delicious anymore. The seconds reason is about the kids. Kids are weaker that adult ,so if they collected the smoked in their lung it harmed their lung more faster that adult. One more thing it not good to show the kids about smoking it not a good maners because they would want to test it how it test. finally smoking in a restaurant is harmed to all people. It have no benefit it only destroyed our lung and many health problems and it is a bad acting for the kids. In conclusion smoking in a restaurants should be banned it cause alot of trouble to many people especailly the small kids and it work really fast in kids lungs. For my opinion smoking should be banned for real and i agree with that. 
  As an adults smoke in restaurants, not only it's bad for health but, bad of others around them, they are also setting a terrible example for kids. Everyone has the right to breathe in clean air when they dine at a restaurant. There are three main facts that is the biggest problem about what smoking does to our health such as Tobacco smoke causes lung cancer, heart disease and lung and bronchial infections. smoking is unhealthy and harmful to the body ,the biggest threats for smokers is cancer that Nicotine from cigarettes causes two immediate effects: an increase in heartbeat rate and a rise in blood pressure.  People who do not smoke and only breathe smoke from cigarette take the same amount of nicotine and toxic chemicals as people who smoke their cigarette. smoking make a lot of problem not for only themselves ,but it effects to other people too as specifically the kid who was around them. Breathing smoke can cause serious delivery problems in pregnancy or it can cause spontaneous abortion. Smoke affects the heart and blood circulation which is over time dangerous because of heart attacks. To summary of smoke it also have advantages like it reduced stress,help people relax,concentrate and boost mental strength  that's why people can't quit smoking .Anyway I'm still not support people who is smoking like it's doesn't give up something that is good it's only give up problem. 
 As we know, smoking is spreading around the world now. I strongly agree with the topic that  smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country .
	Firstly, the effects of smoke on people's health. Smoking is not good for health it is a cause of lung cancer, heart disease, and other diseases. When smokers carry these viruses they need a lot of money to spend on treatment. For example, all the restaurants that have smoking will affect children, old people, and the health of those people who eat there.
	Secondly, related to air pollution, as smoking increases, the heat gets hotter, destroys greenhouse gases, and also makes the weather change and some effects such as wildfire, affect the skin, and hot weather. As proof, every day the weather was hot with high temperatures which causes many people to have health problems and other issues.
	Next, smoking in restaurants can show about ethics or personality of these people. For instance, smoking in restaurants while eating or talking with a partner who comes with you means you do not respect them and do not give them their worth, and smoke will also be annoying and affects them.
	Finally, as mentioned above smoking has a lot of disadvantages, and I agree all restaurants in the country should ban smoking. 
 Smoking poses a serious threat to public health and safety, especially in restaurants where people gather to eat and socialize. Therefore, smoking should be prohibited at all restaurants in the country for the following reasons.

First, smoking exposes non-smokers to harmful second-hand smoke, which can cause or worsen various diseases, such as asthma, lung cancer, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. According to the World Health Organization, second-hand smoke kills more than 1.2 million people every year globally. Moreover, second-hand smoke can impair the sense of smell and taste of non-smokers, reducing their enjoyment of food and drinks.

Second, smoking creates an unpleasant and unsanitary atmosphere in restaurants, where cleanliness and hygiene are essential. The smoke and smell of cigarettes can linger in the air, furniture, and fabrics, making the restaurant look dirty and smell bad. Furthermore, smoking can disturb other patrons who may find the smoke irritating or offensive. Smoking can also affect the quality of food and service, as employees may have to deal with smoke-related complaints or health issues.

Third, smoking increases the risk of fire accidents in restaurants, which can result in serious injuries or fatalities. Restaurants often have hot surfaces and open flames, such as stoves, ovens, grills, and candles, which can easily ignite cigarettes or their ashes. In fact, smoking is one of the leading causes of fire deaths in the United States. Additionally, smoking can damage the property and equipment of restaurants, resulting in costly repairs or replacements.

Therefore, it is imperative that smoking be banned at all restaurants in the country to protect the health and safety of patrons and employees. Restaurants should enforce a strict no-smoking policy, with clear signs and penalties for violators. Restaurants should also install effective ventilation systems to prevent any smoke from entering or circulating inside the premises. Lastly, restaurants should educate their customers about the hazards of second-hand smoke and the benefits of a smoke-free environment.
I agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants. Smoking in a restaurant, especially when it is in a dining area with a lot of people, exposes customers and restaurant employees to cigarette smoke. First of all, cigarette smoke has a smelly and unpleasant scent which sticks to people's hair, clothes, furniture and even the food people eat. It is important for restaurants to maintain cleanliness in their kitchen and dining area, and this also includes the air and atmosphere. In addition, non-smokers are not used to getting exposed to the smell of cigarettes. The smell of the smoke affects all people and can turn them off their food. People pay to taste good food in restaurants but irresponsible smokers may make them unhappy and lose their appetites when they eat. Furthermore, they should avoid it at all costs because they risk getting secondhand smoke, which leads to higher risks of harmful health effects including serious diseases like diabetes lung cancer and heart disease. Not to mention, some people are more sensitive or allergic to smoke compared to other people. Cigarette smoke may enter others' systems by them consuming smoke-contaminated food and inhaling polluted air, potentially putting people at fatal risk. In conclusion, I agree that smoking should not be allowed in restaurants and people should obey the rules in order to not disrupt others' dining experience and keep them safe from secondhand smoke.
I agree with that, no matter where you are, everyonr wants to have fun and comfortable. If the pleces that they go make them feel unhealthy they do not want to again and the seller fall down. Everyone has right to breathe in clean air when they diner at a restaurant, so all diners can enjoy a smok-free meal, smoking must be banned from all restaurants. No smoke is trying to save to get nearer to death. Smoking should be banned in restaurants it is a good idea, because of health risks in poses to both employees and costomers. Secondhand smoke has been proven to cause cancer and other serious health problems, it not fair to expose restaurant staff and pattrons to these damgers. In addition, smoking in enclosed spaces can kead to unpleasant odors. Smoking in restaurants is a matter of protecting public health and safety, and promoting a clean and pleasant dining experience for all pattrons. If smoker have made a choise to poison their life and develop various diseases, people who do not smoke have chosen to live healthier and shoud not be exposed. Finally, I hope all of you will think of a good things first, no doing anything that is bad for society, especially smoking when there are children around. So should be stop it immediately. If you know it is not good and you are still doing it, then you are on the wrong way.
 The rate of smoking is everywhere that used by people. It completely has increased day by day that either young or old people like using it. The smoke has been giving a bad affection to people who stay with or near the smokers. Through the public places in the country that is full of the smokes through the wind can get into people breathe. All smokers should be fined whenever or wherever they smoke I strongly agree with the statement that   Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.  

Even though, the rules have set out about smoking, but we still see some people keep not following the rules. Firstly, smoking does not provide any benefits. It keeps you in a dangerous way of dealing with diseases. Most people in the country are coping with health issues because of smoking. People should not smoke in the restaurants because those places using for serving the food for the people. 

The smoke affect dangerously to the people who stay around it, especially for kids and elders. Second, the smell of it will be spread out to everywhere through the wind. It is the one of interruptions of the guests. The restaurants will be decreased of customers, the restaurants will be collapsed.
 Some people still hold the view that smoking is not bad in the restaurants. They should be wrong because people will face with many diseases. 

In conclusion, the smoke has a bad effective to the people and environment, and it should be banned from the public places and restaurants. The smokers must stop from smoking in these places.
 
 Generally, cigarette do not allow to smoke in all the places for food in society. Similarly, it provides a lot of disadvantages for people to breathe. I strongly agree with the view that  Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. 

Firstly, I think that it is best to bane using cigarette at all the eating places. Furthermore, it can keep healthy for people who are there because of the smoke provides a lot of bad effect to us.   For example, if we allow to smoke cigarette at a restaurant it will be bad for people there because of the smoke from cigarette could spread in the air to avoid people breathing or eating with comfortable.

Secondly, I feel that smoking is not a good activity to do in crowd of people as in the restaurant. Likewise, the restaurant will lose the customers because of the smoker in there if the managers do not care about this case. For instance, we always find the signal for keeping a way from cigarette all eating places because they want to reduce smoking and avoid people to addict with it as well.  

Some people might say that cigarette do not allow to smoke in all the places for food in society is not right but I think they are mistaken because of it could provide a lot of disadvantages to human health. 

In conclusion, I truly believe that smoking cigarette all eating places do not allow to do much better for human life such as keeping healthy for people who are there as well smoking is not a good action for crowd of people. It would be better for us to avoid with addicting cigarette because it makes good health and save more money.
 
 

       Smoking is the hot topic for young generations nowadays. There are many type of smoking now, but here today I just tell you about smoking cigarettes. Some says smoking should be banned in restaurants and here is some reasons why I agree with.

       Smoking cigarettes will cause you in many way of health problems. Nicotine is the main additive substance in cigarettes and other forms of tobacco. It's a drug that affect many parts of your body including your brain, your liver and your heart also. Smoking in restaurants does not affect only the smoker but for people around the smoker too. It's not safe at all especially for pregnant women, young people and other people in restaurants. It seem like a bad influences for them. They probably feel stress, not relax and can't feel enjoy with their meals. You should have to go out and smoke. It is the only way that you have to show respect to other people in restaurants if you really want to smoke. 

      Finally, I believe smoking in restaurants cannot be completely banned but there can be a middle path. The restaurants should have separate smoking zones. This way, non-smokers will not have any problems and smokers can also relax. 
 Here are some points supporting the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. 
Smoke is a known health hazard, and individuals who do not smoke can still be exposed to its harmful effects and smoke contains over 4,000 chemicals, many of which as known to cause cancers. Implementing a complete smoking ban in restaurants would ensure a healthier environment for both customers and employees, heart disease, and other smoking-related illnesses. Nonsmokers should have the freedom to dine without the intrusion of smoke. By implementing a ban, we can ensure that everyone can enjoy their meals without being exposed to the negative effects of smoking. Banning smoking in restaurants would provide a safer and healthier environment for everyone.Banning smoking in restaurants would encourage smokers to quit or at least reduce their smoking habits. Studies have shown that smoking restrictions can help smokers in their attempts to quit or cut down on smoking. In conclusion, it is important to note that smoking bans should not be implemented or should be more flexible. Ultimately, the decision to ban smoking in all restaurants would require careful consideration of public health concerns, individual freedoms, and the economic impact on the hospitality industry.
 
 
Smoking is not good for many people, so I really agree to reduce who smoke in restaurants. We know that smoking is not good for our health and effects to many people living around. For example, Smoker always has disease with yourself and other people like destroys the lung and make their life are very bad. More importantly, people smoke cannot live without it because they spend a lot of money to buy something that relate to smoke like cigarettes. For example, they cannot take money to support their family because they need to smoke very time. One especially thing, Smoking in the restaurants makes a bad that people hate you and their feeling is not good when nearby smoker. For example, in the restaurants have many people to eat food or something, so they don't need people smoke there because they need comfortable place for them. The last but not least, smoking effect to polluted environment that doesn't make Oxygen enough for people breathing every day. And one more point, for country has many people smoke, so that country cannot development fast. And there are full of polluted on the world. In conclusion, in the restaurants we must stop to smoke because it is not good for health, pay to much money, and have a lot polluted on the Atmosphere. So, Government should tell who always smoke to stop and everyone don't try to smoke. We join to reduce smoke to development country and good health.   
 
Smoking is not a good thing, because smoking is very harmful to many people such as: 1, When you smoke in front of your friends, they will think you are dirty, have bad breath because of cigarettes and have black lips, then you will have no friends because of smoking because your friend got Bad smell from cigarettes. 2, When you smoke near children or the elderly, it is very difficult because people in this age are very vulnerable to their health, such as making them more likely to have problems affecting their liver, harmful to health, even if they do not smoke, but the smoke that comes in it is very harmful. 3, Smoking in public places or in shops and restaurants has affected the people around us. It affects the breath of the people around you, also affects the atmosphere. Therefore, smoking in restaurants is prohibited because when people smoke there, it harms others and harms other food. Smoking in public shows bad behavior towards children around them. So banning smoking in restaurants is a good thing that can partially protect our health and the work of those around us, so we should stop smoking for our own sake and for the sake of others. Here are some reasons why you should quit smoking.
I agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are many reason for these, smoke is a major health hazard. It can cause cancer, heart disease, and problem. Banning smoking in restaurents would protect the health of non smokers. smoking can make it unpleasant for non smokers to eat in a restaurent. the smell of smoke can be strong and lingering, and it can make it difficult t breathe. Banning smoking would pleasant for everyone. i belive that the benefit of banning smoking in restaurents outweigh the drawbacks. one more thing is banning smoking in the restaurent would be send a massage that smoking is not acceptable in public places. this could help to reduce the number of people who are exposed to secondhand smoke. many countries alreadyhave laws that ban smoking in public places, such as bar night clubs and work places. And finlaly the gavenment must have an afective rule for smoker exspacally the childrend that age under 18 please do not sell for them. smoking free society is one where everyone can enjoy clean air, regardless of weather they smoke or not banning smoking in a restaurents would be a step towards creating a smoke free society.
   As I am a student who used to effected with the smoking of smoke I agree to cut down or reduce smoking in restaurants because flame of smoking is causing people health and especially children. And also smoking affects our life and our country.
Smoking is such a sharp salience weapon which can cause illness and also give bad effectively to our environment also to our country. The most people still keep smoking up even they know when they smoking is a bad polluted environment. For a country that has many people smoking those countries could not growth well. On the other hand, smoking causes the climate change badly from every movement and country full of uncomfortable air to breath. Nowadays, the number of smoking is increasing up stronger in the   restaurants. They smoke every time. More importantly, smoking is causing lungs, hart damage and effected to people around them also. For example, at my work place in the restaurant there one of the guest smokes and the smoking flow everywhere and I couldn't breathe well and other who sit near him can't stay.   The restaurants smell really bad. Smoking in restaurant or in public area makes people feel unsafely and uncomfortable to their life because that smoke damage our lung and our life.  
I could say that smoking is very dangerous to people, animal and our environments. I think if smoker can cut down smoking our country will run well, people can live longer and our environment clean.

In conclusion I would suggest to people who like to smoke must cut down their smoking. The government should make the rule for smoker and not allowed to smoke in the restaurant or in public area.
Moreover, we should be a good model for the next generation. Don't smoke if your community clean.
 
 Smoking has been a contentious issue because of its negative impact on public health. Many countries have implemented a ban on smoking in public spaces, although it is still common to see individuals lighting up in restaurants. However, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country to create a safer and healthier environment for restaurant patrons and workers alike.
First, a smoking ban in restaurants would improve air quality. Research indicates that smoke from cigarettes contains a range of harmful chemicals that can damage one's health, and secondhand smoke is particularly dangerous. Secondhand smoke has been linked to respiratory illnesses, heart disease, and lung cancer. By banning smoking in restaurants, it would be possible to protect diners and workers from harmful secondhand smoke, as well as improve indoor air quality.
Moreover, it would avoid the need for designated smoking areas. Currently, some restaurants have designated smoking areas for patrons to smoke, while other restaurants ban smoking inside. However, restaurants could avoid the need for designated smoking areas by banning smoking entirely.
Finally, banning smoking would create a more pleasant dining experience for non-smokers and smokers alike. Non-smokers are often put off by the smell of smoke, and it can be tough to enjoy a meal in a restaurant if smoke is wafting around. A smoking ban would create a more welcoming environment for non-smoking diners, who could enjoy their meal without worrying about their health.
In conclusion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. Such a ban would protect the health of non-smoking diners and workers, improve indoor air quality, and create a more pleasant dining experience for everyone. By enforcing a smoking ban, the country would take a significant step in promoting public health and improving the quality of life for its citizens.
 
 Something we eat is very important because it might make our body healthy or unhealthy. That's why the professional doctors try to provide the best advice for food in a hope that people get the concepts of having thing to eat in their daily lives. Smoking is smoke food, but it makes our body suffer seriously. Is it good to ban it in the restaurant?
Definitely, it is the best if all the restaurants ban smoking cigarette and other addicted drug. It might impact some customers, who love smoking, but it is very good for someone who doesn't loke smoking. Particularly, whenever they go to eat food in those restaurants. Whenever it is banned, the smokers will try their best not to smoke; this is also the method of reducing smoke and at the end they would stop smoking one hundred percent. Thus, this one arrow can shoot two birds. Whenever they stop smoking, the younger generation will follow this good example. Moreover, if it starts from one restaurant, then that one restaurant will be the role model for other restaurant across the country. Finally, every single restaurant will have no smoke because that banning. After that, the whole country would look more natural. Smoking in the restaurant will cause the place to be polluted and then there are no customers as a result.
As mentioned above, smoking is not good, but it is the habit for many people from both the rural area and city. But when the restaurant is banned for that thing, they will adopt their body to fit to the place they are staying as possible. Hence, this banning should be praised and take the measure practically. 
 Smoking should be completed banned at all the restaurants in the country. Do you agree or disagree?
      First of all i would like to say hello teacher and hello everyone I'm very excited to show you about   Smoking should be completed banned at all the restaurant in the country  
      Yes Smoking is not good for health and it can be very harmful when you smoke in a restaurant,it can affect those who are there it can cause illness to guest and staff if there y.having a child it is very harmful for his health,can be life threatening even if is does not affect life it is difficult to live can make us fear the burden in the family.
       Secondly , smoking cigarettes is extremely harmful to both the smoker and those around them. Quitting smoking can greatly reduce the risk of developing these serious health problems and improve overall health and well-being.
Finally for me smoking in a restaurant can be devastating for those in it too affecting work and family life when we smoke if for long time. In addition, it costs money a lot on smoking cigarettes and especially waste money and it is also harmful to their lungs.  More importantly, it will be effected to the people who live their by either.  
 I agree that smoking cigarettes should be banned in Cambodia and there are many reasons why this would be useful for us to take action.

Firstly, it would protect our health and especially to protect the health of non-smokers, such as our students, family members, and so on. Secondhand smoke is the main risk factor for lung cancer, heart disease, and other respiratory diseases. Banning smoking in public places such as restaurants would help to protect the health of nonsmokers who are exposed to people who don't like smoking and some customers just go to have their meals, they receive the awful smell from the people who go there to release their stress by smoking, so it will be harmful to others.
Secondly, it would reduce the number of smokers. Some people who went to eat food usually complain to other people who like smoking cigarettes in restaurants, because when those smokers smoke, the smoke spread rapidly around there, then the non-smokers will get the smoke from the smokers. In addition, it will surely affect to their health either. 
It would save lives. Smoking is the leading cause of preventable death in Cambodia. Banning smoking would help to save lives by reducing the number of people who die from smoking-related diseases.
 A complete ban on smoking in public places would be a significant step forward in the fight against tobacco.

In conclusion, smoking cigarettes in restaurants in Cambodia should be completely banned. I believe that the benefits of a smoking ban in Cambodia far outweigh the costs. I urge the Cambodian government to take action to ban smoking in public places and protect the health of its citizens.
 
 In Cambodia there are a lot of restaurants not only in the city but also in the countryside. 
In all of that restaurants also have the warning postcard that they not allow the costumers to smoke in their place. Because we know that in the restaurants have both older and younger peoples there to refile their power by eating. And all of us already know that smoking is really affect to our health and it make us have many diseases such as: lung cancer, cirrhosis, lung disease, tooth decay, and other diseases. Moreover it really dangerous when have many peoples around there while you smoking. Especially in the restaurants, it is strictly forbidden to smoke. One more thing restaurants is a place that people eat food and have a lot of peoples around there. Smoking is really affective to the people in order they smoke or not. More than this most affected are children and pregnant woman. So smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country.  In conclusion, the choice to outlaw smoking in bars and restaurants in Cambodia is a difficult one that calls for careful evaluation of a number of variables. The health advantages of smoking bans in restaurants must be weighed against the rights and freedoms of smokers who choose to smoke. 
           It is facts that the smoking is comlpetely bunned for people in the restaurants. Firstly, it can save many lives fromsome problems. For example, when the smokers have seen the the law at the restaurants or public spaces, they never dare to oppose this law. In addition, if all problems do not happen, it can help people to avoid lots of 
problems from Cancer, Cirrhosis, High blood presure, Heart diseases and so no. Seconly, the restaurants make 
comfortable and also attract people. As you can see the best restaurants always have people to join because the 
costomers like what that help them happy and safty. Thirdly, it contributes to reducing the smoking population,
as well as make the country reduce smoking public. As you think if it has this rule in the restaurants or public 
spaces, it is a big contributions to help people to understand what is good things or bad things to them. Furthermore it a good rule for their childen or generations. For instance, you do not have this activity in your country and all genarations will not take this activity too because the problem always had been happening by adults but, if adultsdid not do it , all genarations would not follow too.
        In conclusion, the smoking is really bad for people if people do not  continous to smoke, it will make them avoid of the problems and the smokers could help many people from all disseases. 
Due to the increasing number of smokers abducting teens and the elderly in public places, there has been growing concern regarding the harmful effects of smoking on both smokers and non-smokers directly. Therefore, a complete ban on smoking in all restaurants across the country is necessary to protect the health and well-being of the general public.
	In fact, educating, encouraging a smoke-free society, banning smoking to people in restaurants and public places helps to create awareness of the dangers of smoking and encourages individuals to quit. Or reduce their smoking habits. In addition, it protects non-smokers, including children and pregnant women, who may be vulnerable to the harmful effects of secondhand smoke. Past experience has shown that a complete ban on smoking in a restaurant can be seen when a smoke-free restaurant becomes where it has lots of customer and the most crowded place. Non-smokers, in particular, will no longer be exposed to secondhand smoke and the health risks associated with indirect exposure to tobacco when they are enjoying their meal. It can attract more customers, including families and individuals who like a smoke-free and comfortable environment. However, the place that had smoke, we observe that there is a disturbance and less customers come to eat there.
	Finally, a complete ban on smoking in all restaurants is essential for the protection of public health and the promotion of a smoke-free society as in the past. By eliminating the risks associated with the smoke of cigarette, we can protect the well-being of the majority of our employees and non-smokers. Therefore, I totally agree that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in the country. 
 Nowadays, smoking cigarette is become the snack of human. Because people using it every day and it becomes their habit. One thing, all of them know about its advantages and disadvantages but, they still use it by careless. Some people know where should they smoke and some people smoke everywhere even in public place. However, smoking should be banned at all the place in the country. Especially, in the restaurant that is a place where people meet and eat and it is not a place for smell smoking. 
In fact, people around the world over 80% are using cigarette for smoking. It is not the best way that they have to use it. Some of them use it two or three packages per day. Some people also know about the advantages of using it but, they still keep using until they get disease. Smoking cigarette cause a lots problem for healthy. Especially, it affects to their lungs, throats, mouth smells not good, liver, breasts, colon and stomach. For women if they using cigarette during pregnant, it will affect to baby too. Beside of this, smoking can affect to the brain. So, people should not smoke cigarette if they want to have a good healthy. One more thing, smoking is dangerous to people who don't smoke. Although, smoke should be banned in public place, including restaurant.
In conclusion, I really agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it is not the way that people using it to become habit. And it is very dangerous for people who lives around them. 


 
	Almost everyone is thinking about harmful of smoking made. All kinds of smoking cause lots of bad things for the agents and the receivers, which is really terrible for human's health also their life. By this case, I think even indoor or outdoor smoking should be completely banned especially at all the restaurants in the country. 
	First, smoking damages your health and people around you, by causes lots of diseases, especially lung cancer. Lots of old people smoking cigarettes, which is the top major in causing you lung into a trouble also could made a death as well. base on the researching, about 238,340 new cases of lung cancer and about 127,070 deaths from lung cancer, which is including men and women. Moreover, smoking also cause women with low birth weight, which is effect to the reproducing people resource in developing the country. By all this things, banning smoking is the best way in reduce bad habit. 
	Smoking in the restaurant also cause a bad atmosphere for everyone around you or even kids. Assuming a bad air while breathing is dangerous. Everyone spending time and money for eating out in the restaurant, as they want a relaxing time with a good and clean environment for their family, friends or partner. Suddenly, it came an awful fog with a bad smell of the smoke passing by, that's such as a terrible time for them. So you see, you not damage only you own health, but also the other's; last but not least, you also destroy the other's moment. 
	I believe that government will work harder with this case also the restaurant owners will cooperate well with the government in order to achieve this process. As it has only disadvantages, which effect to the young generations also the society. If smoking will not have been banned in any of restaurant, they will have lost their customers.   
 Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
I completely agree with this topic because if we have banned about smoking can help some part of rescue the world. 

People should not be smoking in a restaurant because it is the place to serve meal and drink, if we smoking there the smell will be spreading around and not good for all the people, not all the people like the smell of smoke. 

And the smell of smoke can cause people headaches or vomit while they have the meal. 
And also bad image over there. 

They should have a private place for smoker, and not spreading the smell around the  meal table. 
Anyway smoking is not good for body health, waste of money, destroy our brain and teeth, hair, bad smell, show bad image to the young generator. 
On behalf of a person, I honestly I really want all the countries reduce of smoking or stop smoking especially in my country Cambodia. 
I thought if we do not have smoking we can save our money, save time, have a good health, good teeth,  good communication and goo relationship with our family, too. 
In conclusion, we should ban all the restaurants in our country in order to prevent them from making awful environments
 
 Being a smoker is a popular gesture among young people and the elderly, which they have become accustomed to. On the contrary, it is a behavior that should not happen in public because smoking in public, whether in public restrooms, on the streets, or in restaurants, because it shows a bad example to the younger generation, and even more so for those who inhale the smoke. What are the side effects? And who is affected? 

Of course, secondhand smoke can have a devastating effect on the health of both smokers and non-smokers, and it can cost a lot of money. For those who use cigarettes, it can seriously affect the respiratory system, especially the heart and lungs. In addition, when he smokes in public, especially in restaurants, it is clear that the smoke from his smoking will cause serious harm to those who inhale it. So, smoking in public can have serious consequences.

In addition, the use of cigarettes also loses a lot of income because consumers have to spend money every day to buy cigarettes to smoke. And all those gains also hurt their family finances. Therefore, the theme  Smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in the country  I totally agree with the above idea. 

In conclusion, I would like to support the topic mentioned above, because I understand that if they can reduce the use of cigarettes and improve their health, and even more so in public and every restaurant is comfortable and will make our country prosperous and also help clean up the would environ. 
  
"	I agree to cut down on smoking in restaurants because I know that smoking is bad for our health and can affect the lungs, airways or other parts of the body. Smoking because it can make us addicted and lose the beauty of young and old. Smoking is very dangerous because people do not learn much about it and it can affect their lives. In some countries there is relief after smoking. When people walk, smoking can cause a lot of smoke, pollute the environment and gas and destroy natural resources. We know that many countries like to smoke. That is the intellectual crisis, climate change, people can be infected with diseases such as lung-heart-respiratory and other unforeseen diseases. Smokers can spend a lot of money on cigarettes. For personal use. Nowadays, most restaurants often sell cigarettes or electronic devices (websites) in various restaurants. What is even more worrying is that the younger generation can learn to emulate. What worries them is that people with lung disease are more likely to be exposed to secondhand smoke. In most restaurants, 18/20 kids are smoking and using the network. Therefore, all countries should ban all restaurants in the country. Smoking. If they follow the rules, this law can help a lot in restaurants can help prevent the use of cigarette smoke. Some people will be happy and obey the law if they join in obeying the law. We should also follow the Royal Government, which has set this law to further encourage the reduction of restaurants. We will continue to have this law to eliminate cigarette smoke in society and in schools and other restaurants to make them have a good environment, clean environment and help prevent cigarette smoke."
