    For my opinion part-time job for college students are good for some reason. 45 percent of college student that paid for their education mostly from their own saving and part-time jobs. So, part-time jobs also a good reason to reduce every month paid for the students and gain some job experince. What are those reason? Every college students have to paid for the university and spent for their everyday life. There are so many kind of part-time jobs but, the most popular are Tutor, Barista, waiter, Bartender, Teaching assistant, Tour guide, Brand ambassdor, Photographer all these job give them some money that enough to paid for their own education. The second reason is college student can gain more job experince. It is good that most student get job experience while they are in university. When they granduate they can have a good jobs and they already have some jobs experience that can help them to reach the work goal more easy. Finally part-time jobs can improve college students skills and teach them how to earn the money, teach them how to success in the future and let them know the test of life. In conclusion part-time jobs give the college students so many benefits. Money and job experience are the key to reach the goal. study and work at the same time make the students try harder and less lazy. for me it is good to have a part-time jobs. Also me that work for a part-time jobs.           
Working while studying can be really beneficial for a lot of reasons and it's will be important for Some students are working for support their living or support their study, however Students who working while in a college they'll be to turn to have a less time in study. For the firs point is that I actually agree with them who is working a part time job just because sometime it's not about the money, but it's about the experience. people have different mindset and the idea also, so if the students in college they think that while study they have a part time job it's very important for them so it's important, but if not it will be not everything was depend on their own thinking. anyway Whether you're in high school or a university student, working part time can help you gain independence . Indeed, you will be responsible for your own schedule, money and duties. As a result, you will be less reliant on those around you, and you will learn how to fend for yourself. So many people as a student working a part-time job, they also join the environment or they will see the world clearly like they will see everything in society and real life every day and they also Learn a lot too such as they know how to manage their time wisely, make new friends or meet new people. For the hard thing is that when they are working, they will have a less time on study or do something at their college, but they still can focus on their study sometimes they are tired, but it's not that bad if they are taking care of themselves the right way. Conclusion I still agree and recommend the students who is studying in a college working a part time job because part-time job can provide students with a variety of benefits. 
 Nowadays, A lot of students in college already has worked or have part-time job. It has a lot of benefits, experiences, and other skills for their life after finish school or graduate. I completely agree with this opinion and think that having a part-time job is more important than not.
	First of all, I believe that a part-time job will make you feel grateful or prove to yourself that you can find money while studying in college and also get a lot of experience, In society, companies require people with experience, who can solve problems quickly, and who have soft skills and hard skills. The student has experience easily finding careers and has a lot of opportunities to work in those companies with high salaries. For example, the company always needs people with experience and understanding of the task, and it is easy to get trust from staff in the company, but when a worker with no experience comes to work it is really difficult to get trust from some staff and may not understand and can not work, which may lead to delays or late for the company. That's why it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
	Secondly, Students who work part-time jobs can earn some extra money. In other words, to earn money during studying college students should have to work first. For instance, having a part-time job help youth make money by themselves and also help the parents reduce the expenditure on the child. Thus, a part-time job is really significant for a youth's life.
	To conclude, I strongly recommend students at the university or college should have a part-time job before graduating because having experience is more important than having no experience in work and you can help reduce family expenses.
 
 A part time job is very important to college students. There are many college students are both studying and earning. A part-time job is a job that can help students to work after their classes with a few hours. Thus, they can earn some money to support their living and studying. There are a few reasons why a part-time is very important to college students.
Firstly, a part time job is better job that fits their time at school. They can study in the day and start work in the afternoon or evening, sometime at night. For example, some students work as the waiters in the restaurants at night because almost restaurants open at night, so they can earn and get some benefits such as they can work with their own uniforms, eat at workplace, and a place to sleep. Secondly, they can help their family and pay their school bills by themselves. In contrast, if they don't have a part-time job, so they need their families to support them all for four years. Finally, a part-time job can give them experiences in life and teach them lessons to live in a society. 
In conclusion, a part-time job is a very important job than can help students both study and earn. Students can work after their classes because the time is different. They can get some benefits such as enough money to support themselves and families and get experiences in real life. 
Yes, I agree that college student should have a part-time job. First of all, college students should start to learn how to be independent and earn their own money, especially for college students who live in dorms and do not live with their parents. They need to learn to support themselves financially and not rely on theor parents all the tome and earn a stable income to survive and spend on their wants and essentials like food, shelter, and clothing. Furthermore, college students should work part-time jobs in order to accumulate work experience that would be benficial for their future endeavors. In line with this, skills such as time-management and communication skills will be practiced and honed by the learners. This thereby solidifies their confidence that would also help them when applying for jobs in the future. Moreover, students who work part-time jobs are able to upgrade their studies and experience the subject better. For instance, culinary art students who work in a restaurant as an apprentice/junior chef would be able to recieve constructive criticism from their seniors thus furthering their understanding of their course. this also applies to students under the medical, engineering, finance, and other college programs. In conclusion, I therefore encourage students to work part-time jobs as the accumulated skills and knowledge would be beneficial in the long run. 
Nowadays, many students graduate from high school and move on to university. Most of the students are studying and working to supply what their need. Not everyone has a good life, so some students have to find job and doing that while studying also has a lot of good things. Firstly, I think having a part-time job saves a lot of money on students' study materials, food, accommodation and transportation. Those jobs can greatly help make sure an experience in working, living in outside society and can also train their minds to confident. In addition, when they work on their skills, they can better understand what they know, need, love and do it from their heart. Have ability to take vare of themselves and lean how to manage the time. It is the best way to get connection out there actively meeting people either through networking events or passively through student jobs, get meet some really amazing people, will earn an income, making valuable connections and relationships. So I would say having a part-time jobs is good way because it is useful in family to help their revenue. When we need to spend more them expensive materials, we also have income to deal with not much worry. Students must be able to have great time management skills to survive the schedule and maintain a good social life.

 
University students should have a part-time job that can keep them better. Having a part-time job is beneficial for them because this also helps to improve their skills from university. On other hand, their talent has increased.  I truly agree with this topic that   It is important for college students to have a part-time job  . 

 Firstly, receiving a job during educating is the best choice for students. It is the best opportunity to figure out where they are. Students can improve this by taking what they have learnt to use in their work. Moreover, some students pick up the majors that they love, they can find a job that matches with the majors that they're learning.  For example, accounting students have to look for a job that matches with their major like they can work as accountants.

Secondly, having a job can support you. It can serve in our living as well as studying. In addition, we receive both experience and financial experience that can keep you better from being jobless even if you are a bachelor student in a university. students can take this chance to develop themselves by looking for a job to help them to be in good condition one day. People can look for a job that can support their learning by getting the salary from it. For instance, some students who are working can charge the school fee themselves. 
Some points of view still think that having a job during studying in university is not important. 

In conclusion, everyone should get a job for ourselves because it is a good solution that may help your life. In addition, we all also can build our skills from something that we are doing. Last thing, some companies may require your experience than.
 
 
Generally, it is much better for students who are learning in a university and also get jobs to improve skills. Similarly, some students are free after class but others are working. I strongly agree with the view that  It is important for college students to have a part-time job. 

Firstly, I think that it is best for them to work during free time after class because working can help them to improve their abilities. For example, from the data in modern country like Japan we can see a lot of students who are learning there having job to cooperate the education. Then the qualities of students in this country are also much better because they know about the way for practicing their theories.

Secondly, I feel that working for college students are increasing stronger human resources. When they cooperate education and working they can use both the theories and practicing to force with the problems. For instance, most of good jobs and managers as well in a society need human resources having both education and experiences in order to work for them. As the result, the company moves on well and society also becomes a stronger one by education workers.


Some people might say that learning in a university as well as having jobs for students are not good but I think they are completely mistaken because of finding money and studying are much better to go on together.

In conclusion, I truly believe that college students who have job and education together are much better such as helping them to improve their abilities and making them to become the strong human resources. It would be better for us to study hard and finding job to support our education in order to make us full of skills with achievement goal.         


 
 
       Part-time jobs are the great opportunity for college students because they have to work
about three to four hours a day. They also can earn while studying at the same time. Some advantages of having a part-time job as a college student are they'll improve their knowledge, confidence and experience.

       As a result, working and studying at the same time isn't easy but at least it's also help them to improve their knowledge by their working skill. It depends on their skills and their workplace. They can learn new skill from their teamwork or from their company. Students who work are more confident than students who are not employed. They build their confidence by how they meet other people, customer and their workmates. They have confidence in speaking and embrace their weaknesses. this means being okay with making mistakes. they also can develop their listening skill too. Part-time jobs are good way to gain more experience. It teaches students how to handling their responsibilities and time-managements.
    
 In conclusion working while studying can be tough to handle. But it's the only good choice for college students because they have time to work and study also. When people get the part-time job, they can be independant, and help themsleves for everything. 
 
 Yes, it is important for college students to have a part-time job for several reasons. 
Having a part-time job can help students develop important life skills such as time management, responsibility, and teamwork, a part-time job can provide students with financial stability and independence. College tuition and living expenses can be quite high, and having a job allows students to earn money to support themselves and ease the burden on their families and it also instills financial responsibility and independence in students, as they learn to budget and manage their finances. A part-time job can provide networking opportunities for college students. It allows them to connect with professionals in their field of interest or interact with potential employers. Building relationships and making connections in the workforce can open doors to future career opportunities and mentorship. It also helps improve their communication skills, as they interact with colleagues and customers in a professional setting. Moreover, handling challenges and problem-solving on the job can enhance their critical thinking abilities. In conclusion, having a part-time job as a college student is important because it helps develop valuable skills, provides financial stability, offers practical experience, and teaches work-life balance. It is a valuable opportunity for personal growth and preparation for future career success.
 
 
I always agree with college students to have part time job when we finished high school and continuous to study at university so, we need a lot of money to support our study. I think when we have part time job, we can help yourself and our family. We know that all students at university always spend a lot of money like they pay on school for Education, they pay for rent house, food for eat everyday and buy something else. Moreover, their family are poor that can not support their study enough, so they should have job by yourself to do for improve their studying. For example, if you don't have part time job and their family cannot support, they cannot continuous to study. We always saw people stop to study because without money. One more thing, we can find new experience of job. Actually, when we have part time job we can work and know everything from work like knowledge , how to be good worker and especially we know clearly about skill that we want to do in the future. Especially, we have money to protect when we sick or dangerous. We know that good health very important for yourself, so we should save some money to take care yourself. In the end, college students should have part time job are very important for support their study and anything else.  The last I hope students can find a part time job for help yourself and your family to do what we necessary everyday and we can get the most experience and successful in your life. 
 
Part-time work is not so bad when university students work part-time, this is for many reasons we do not know, such as: 1, is due to the lack of continuing education in the university, the parents are not able to afford, so the students have to find part-time work to increase income. 2, Some students want to have experience, so free from school hours, they look for work to gain experience and to earn part of the income. 3, Some students want to know the outside world better and to get new experiences and new skills when working to the outside world. 4, Some students who leave for part-time work because they think they are big and they can earn money to spend on their own without having to spend their parents' money anymore. All in all, the part-time work of university students has many reasons we do not know. Part-time work has both positive and negative effects on university students. The downside is that students are very tired, sometimes students may not follow some lessons, especially that may fall asleep during class. The good thing is to be able to get a new experience, new skills, know the society to another level, especially to be able to earn your own money and help your family. These are all reasons for students' part-time work, both good and bad. For me, I do not decide whether it is important or not for students to work part-time. I ask in the middle because doing is all reasonable.           
yes I agree with it so that important for the college to have a part time job . It can help them to cover for their living expences, such as rent food, and for the school fee.then the part time job can give them valuable work experience that will look good on thier resume, and also can help to get a better job after their graduate. one more thing is they can learning how to manage the time between work, school and social activities is an important life skill. More over they can communication well with team work and can build confidence helpful in study and their work. there are also challanges to working part time job while they are in college.  if they work too much hours, it cann affect their acadamic performance. we need make sure that still able to keep up with their studies. if we choose a job that interested in some skill for this make the job more enjoyable and will more likely to be a successfull. finaly the benefits o be a great way to gain valuable experience, learn new skill, and build our confidence and successfull with our work and our studies in a collage.
   I gratly agree with college students to have a part time job while they are studying in the university to earn money to support their study. It is a great gateway for study and life experience because part time job. I think that it is useful for students to work part time. They can earn money and receive more experience for their future jobs. One of the major reasons for students to work part-time is earning money. Others may be to support their education, get some financial independence.
Students should have part time work to support their future career especially those whose part time job is connected with their major. When students work, they can practice what they learned in class. This not only helps them to remember the lesson more deeply, but also helps to know exactly what is important and needs to pay much attention. On the other hand, working part-time brings a lot of confidence in work, opportunities to learn about responsibility, cooperation. I patiently say approve that all the experience are the importin skills which are necessary for working.
Part time job is importin and helping us a lot for the students who are studying in the university. Example my friend Nik Nik, she does not have parents to support with her studying n. But part time can help her a lots it gives her responsibility to earn more money to support her studying. She works under the NGO.She is a teacher of English. Because of part time she can save money to pay for her university.    
In summary I believe that part-time job is really good for students. I advise college student to work part-time while we study. when we have an experience we have careful preparation and choose suitable jobs for our future career.
 
 College life can be challenging, with students constantly under pressure to perform academically while dealing with the financial burden of tuition and other expenses. One way to help alleviate some of this pressure is for college students to have a part-time job. Having a job while in college not only provides students with financial benefits, but it also offers numerous valuable life skills and experiences that can help them in their future careers.
Firstly, having a part-time job while attending college allows students to earn money for their expenses and tuition without relying solely on loans or financial aid. This helps to reduce the financial burden and provides a sense of financial independence. Additionally, working part-time during college can help students learn the value of money and financial responsibility. 
Another benefit of having a part-time job while in college is the development of important life skills. Part-time jobs force students to learn time management skills which are crucial for academic success. Students who work must learn how to balance their job, academics, and social life effectively. These skills are valuable not only in their academic career but also in their future professional life.
Moreover, it helps students to build their professional network and gain valuable work experience. Part-time work may open up opportunities for students to develop relevant skills and apply their classroom learning in a practical setting. Additionally, many part-time jobs are in industries related to their future career aspirations, which can help them develop specialized knowledge and experience. 
In conclusion, college students should consider getting a part-time job. Part-time jobs offer numerous benefits for college students, including financial independence, the development of important life skills, and valuable experience that can be used in future careers. 
 
 Students have to struggle all the tackles from the primary school until university because studying is not easy and hunting the knowledge is even harder. When they were young, their parents will take a good care for everything, but when they grew elder, there are some cases that they have to be responsible by themselves. When they grow up, their needs are more. Thus, they have to know how to respond to those needs. Eventually, having a parti-time job is important.
The reason is that they will learn how to be flexible in the real society and how to socialize nationally. This case will cause them to learn even more than in the classroom. Here, they might meet both good people and bad people, whom they have to be cautious for. Making friends with good people, they will bring them bright future. Otherwise, making friends with bad, those evil people will lead them to get addicted to the drug, or persuade them not to go to school. Finally, those bad friends will lead them to be failed for their present and the future. On the other hand, the students will make some money from this part-time job. Then they will use that money for the personal purpose. It would be absolutely helpful.
To make the story short, I want to see the students have jobs to do even they are still students. Having a part-time job during studying is very important for them in many reason as mentioned above. However, do not the study because their study might be declined because they don't have enough time or they focus too much on the work, not their study. If they can do that, I hope they will have the bright future. 
  Working as a student allows you to take one new challenges and responsibilities. This can reinforce you belief in yourself to grow into an independent adult-qualities that will serve you well throught your career. Students make yourself know about new experience, however all the students must be try to learn a lot of experiences from other people around them self. They can make new friends and share knowledge about experience with each other. In addition, they can also receive many benefits such as learning from the job and get a higher salary. Going to college and working part-time is really tiring, but it makes life independent, strong, brave, meet new people, new experiences, high responsibility, dare to face all the big and small problems, make us new people know ourselves better.

     Finally, part-time learning is really useful, can help reduce family expense and get new experiences that help increase the ability of the brain better, make life more independent. Be more confident in your abilities. On the other hand, when we have some jobs while we are at univerity, will allow to sharpen our skills and helps us to deeper understand the courses that we have learnt which are reated to our skills and work. 
 Occupation is a part of every person's life. We work to earn money to support our daily expenses such as food, utilities, rent, tuition fee…etc. I think it is essential because we need to learn and practice it in reality. The theory is not enough to make us better. 
Firstly, working while studying benefits you in both the short and long term.  For example, it can build your self-confidence, gain experience in the field you are studying, and the opportunity to put yourself while you are learning to practice. 
Second of all, learning and working at the same time can enhance knowledge and skill. Moreover, you can earn more profit to support yourself and your family as well. You will understand when you try your best to do your job. Here it comes to the result you have got is the best moment ever. Life is meaningful when you go through hardship. Nobody wants to face it really, but we cannot avoid it no matter what. 
Most importantly, no one is willing to accept a person who is not showing much effort in what they want to achieve. Working expresses who you are and your characteristic. After you finish college, employers will read through your resume. Employees are expected to have some work experience or internships. If your curriculum vitae or cover letter is nothing, you will not be able to get a job easily. 
Finally, having a job is not bad for your study because some students wait until they finish the university and still rely on their parents. So, it can show that you are not hard-working enough for yourself and the company you work for. 
To sum up, college students have part-time and even full-time jobs that are better for them based on self-confidence, independence, and opportunity.  
 
 In some countries, there have many college students who they already completed the school but they cannot find a job. It is because of they are poor at communication, and in addition, they don't have any experience.  Sometimes, because they expect to get high salary, but they didn't have any experience which related to their skills that they learnt from school. 
So that for the college students intake 1 or 2 have a part-time job is really importance. Because when we have the work we will be able to help the family to cut down the expense, because some of the students don't have enough ability to support their study if they have a part-time work they will able to support themselves, they can earned more money, understand about the money management, have a lot of work Experian, help us to know about the opportunities of work and the competition, have good communication with other people around us, have lot of chance to get the job after complete the college. Overall, having a part-time job while studying can be a great way to gain valuable experience and earn extra income, as long as you manage your time effectively and prioritize your studies. 
      It is significant thing that univeresity students have been having a part-time job. First, it can help 
students to reduce to expenses from their parents. When the students are studying , they really spend 
a lot of money on their studying such as, cousre books, note books, pens, pencils, bags, and papers and so on. Second, the college students could improve their knowladges. During they are studying , they are finding out the lessons to make them get on better. At the same time, they would be got more experiences if they worked. For example, they are studying about English skill, so they have to find a part-time that is relevant skills like English teaching and transtator and so on. Third, it is easy to find a job when they have finnished university students. When they have finnished at university, they will not difficult to find a goodwork because they have ever done work during they were studying. Moreover, they have more experiences that can help their companies or their work spaces to be successfully. 
     To sum up, the part-time job could be helped all university students alot thing. 
     
 Nowadays all over the world college students always face challenges, Both Academy collies and financially.  However, have some idea that the students must focus their studies, I believe that having part time job is really important for them to development, building ability and successful in their future.
Generally, many students rely on the parent for school Paid and daily payment, but having part-time job allows them to earn their own money.  This has developed a sense of responsibility as they earned to manage their finance for their expense in study needed, and they could save in for future goal.
Having part-time job helps students to get practical experience and skill development engaging in a part time job provides students with invaluable that they hadn't done before.  And it offers them many opportunities to get knowledges and skills from university and worksite. Moreover, part-time job makes students improved man skills such as time management, communication, teamwork, problem solving and everything that they met during the years of college and work as part-time job. All those skills are highly sought after by employers and it will offer many benefits to students for them.   
     Lastly, part time job is the best way to help college students to get more experiences for work and lives, they can make communication with other people outside and have a lot of opportunities to get good job, new experience and could get high salary from their jobs. The part-time job provides the financial independent practical experience and many essential skills that contribute to their personal and professional growth.  By Juggling work and academics, students can acquire valuable life lesson that will benefit them both during their college years and in their future careers. So, I strongly agree that college students should engage in part time employment. 
 I do agree with the topic that  It is important for college students to have a part-time job . It is a bit difficult for them, that they have to work and have to study. But it is necessary for them to have it. Because nowadays, wherever also need employee who has experience in job at least two or three years. So, if they have a part job during studying, they will have good opportunity for job in the future. Beside of that, they will gain experience, get financial support, build communication, improve confidence and improve skill.
In fact, nowadays most of the students even in high school or in college are having a part time job. Because they need a job for support their living and studying. One more thing, if they have a place for work when they studying, it can gain their experience that university or college don't teach them. Furthermore, if they have experience during studying, they also can find a new job or a good position when they finish their college. Beside of that, they can get financial during studying, they can provide what they want. They can afford their family too. One more thing, they can build communication with each other. They also meet new people, have new friends or sometimes they can meet a good relationship at their job too. Having a part time job also help students to improve their confidence. When they improve their confidence, they can feel motivated and less stressed. They don't feel nervous and shy when they have interview at another job. 
In conclusion, it is important for college to have a part time job because it is the way that bring them to achieve their goal. Moreover, it can help students to know about how to do in society. 
	Working while studying become popular for everyone in this century. As soon as working part-time also important for this generation. There are some discussion points, which show that college students should have a job or a part-time job. 
	First, part-time job can help us know how to manage our time. As we know how to make time for studying, relaxing and working, which are help us live busily with our day without thinking other unimportant staff that just waste our time. In age of college students, mostly they paying their time for sleeping, online shopping or even dating, which are such as a wasting time of their life and probably they get nothing from it. 
	Second, getting experience also priceless for our career in the future life. As all the jobs are required one or two year experiences, so it would be a high opportunity for the one who has experiences. All the experiences we all could get from our college or from different workplaces, where was our part-time job. Moreover, you would have chance in having a high salary by your experiences too. Many people work and get high salary base on their experiences as well. 
	Overall, from all the main points about, which were talking about their time management and their future career, we could see that how a part-time job helps college students a lots in their forward steps. So I am highly recommending to those freshmen to get a part-time job if they have chances.   
 Is it important for college students to have a part - time job? 
However, in the social Cambodia or such as the other countries, for the students that studying at college. 
Of course, Should have their part time job because working is important for all of us to get more experiences and knowledge outside the school. 
Specially to get money to pay for the foods and drink, school fee, flat, cloths and keep our life balance to live and running after college. If not, when we finish college and we do not have any experiences we also really hard to get a job to make living, too. 
So in my opinion, having a part - job during studying is good idea, learning more how to work after school, how to get money step by step, get a relationship, communication at work, team work, share our knowledge and education from school to workplace or from workplace to school. 
When we are finish at college we know how to work and have quite well experiences  apply to other job. After colleg if we want to aply for new job will be easy for us, because eduation plush experiences can be the first anwer for the require job. 
Finally, of course I agree having a part - job during college students. 
 
 University age is a time for students to exchange experiences and gain new knowledge from professors, work in groups with students, and participate in social work. At the same time, we must not forget the search for work experience. Of course, part-time work is one of the best options that every student should not overlook because part-time work helps to protect a large part of their finances. What did part-time work help? 

Of course, part-time work can help us to pay for tuition and other expenses. Because during college, every student has to spend a lot of money to be able to get a university education. Therefore, students must find part-time job to cope with those costs. 
Not only that, when we have a part-time job, it makes it easier for us to study without stress. 

In addition, part-time work can also help you with other student loans, especially for poor students. Of course, when we do not have enough money for college expenses, such as buying word, travel expenses, food, and other expenses, and some other paperwork. All of which students must have money to pay for all these things. That is why part-time work can be a big help for us as students. 
Moreover, part-time work can help students have some savings for daily use. Part-time work not only helps to reduce the burden of spending on college supplies, it also helps us to have money for personal savings. It's a good thing when his students have a part-time job because it really benefits them a lot. 

Finally, when it also develops good habits through the use of money earned by personal strength, and also get more experience and knowledge from the workplace, because there we can learn from the boss, we work as a team to solve problems encountered during the work. All of this really proves that working part-time while in college is a time to give us income, knowledge, experience, and friendship in life. 

We generally agree with college students about both studying and working part-time to earn a living, spend money, manage their education, accommodation or other material needs, it is useful for creating knowledge and for making life easier. Because part-time work is the best way for them to easily fund or support their studies. I think they should have a part-time job that is best for them. All university students should have part-time work, because we know that for university students or college students, they have to spend a lot on school and travel, gas and school supplies. That is, renting a house for students who live far away. For example, students in the provinces or remote areas, they are looking for accommodation, renting a house and other necessities such as food, expenses, study materials, clothing and money to help the family. The best way to help any student in the study. We know that part-time work can help a lot. From their work, they can easily pay for their school fees and other materials. They have work experience and look for new jobs in addition to their work to find success and future in life, and they can arrange the time for study to be a bridge to success and a good future for them.
