"Smoking is bad for health. It destroys health, but it is also a good thing for some people, such as people who have some diseases. You need to smoke but you must have permission from the doctor before you can.
     Some countries make smoking illegal, while others do not. Smoking is not the wrong thing, but you should think about your health. If you smoke too much, it will affect your health, and it can make you die. We don't know that it will be bad at the moment when we smoke; we cannot see it, we just see smoke, but it will affect our health in the long term, and it will into people's bodies near you. Moreover, when smoking in a public we should know the areas where we should smoke and where should not. Some areas, we cannot smoke, such as hospitals, schools, and restaurants. Because of these areas there are many people around there. Especially in the restaurants, we are eating if there is someone smoking. When people breathe or eating, the smoke will be into a mouth and nose. And of course, it will affect our health.
     I agree with that "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country" because there are many people in the restaurant and smoking can affect all people, causing extensive damage. So we should ban smoking in public areas."
"Smoking should be completely banned at all the  restaurants in Laos. One of the most common problems we are facing in world which is killing people is smoking. A lot of people pick up this habit because of stress, personal issues and imitation from others. As you can see, cigarettes have a major impact on the lungs. Around a third of all cancer cases happen due to smoking. For instance, it can affect breathing and causes shortness of breath and coughing. Further, it also increases the risk of respiratory tract infection which ultimately reduces the quality of life. For instances, can cause cancer, stroke, and life expectancy. If we know the bad side of smoking, we should banned it to make our health safely from it. In addition, we can start by a little thing for example at the restaurant that has many people come to get the services and foods, when we are in restaurants, which is the closed places, have some people smoke the fume of cigarettes can get into our health easily. To avoid this issue, in front of door's restaurants should have sign of do not smoke and published how much of a negative effect it has on our health.
"
Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking has such an impact on others, especially in restaurants, because there are so many people there, including the elderly, children, and others, and it can affect them. For the elderly and children, their health is quite weak, so it affects their health, and it makes customers in restaurants annoyed and unhappy to eat because it has a bad smell and is unhealthy. It is also one of the causes of fire. So if smoking is banned at all the restaurants, it will have so many good things happen, both for the owner of the restaurant, the customers, and the social The owner of the restaurant will not spend the expense of cleaning the carpet or curtain made from cigarette ash; he won't have to take a risk from fire. For the customer, they don't have to get a bad smell and have more enjoyment from the meal, and it can reduce smoking and encourage people to see the bad effects of it so they will not do it. In conclusion, smoking should be banned for our society and our health.
I am of the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it affects to other customers and the restaurants. It makes secondhand smoke. Cigarette smoke is very toxic, it causes of many kinds of diseases, many people know that smoking is harmful to our health and many people who smoke get lung cancer. It still makes people who do not smoke get lung cancer also, because nonsmokers often breathe in the smoke from the other people's cigarettes. For example: If there is a person smoke in the restaurants other people who are the restaurant, will breathe cigarette from that person. Smoking is in the restaurant is very bad environment, when old people smoke in the restaurant, it would make students can see and copy easily, many students and children begin to smoke because they see old people smoke after that they follow. It also lowers the quality of the restaurants. It is one thing that makes other customers upset. Most nonsmoker are annoyed when they breathe cigarette smoke form smokers while they are having food, for this case makes many customers are not impressed and they would not come to the restaurant again. It would be a defect of the restaurants. So, I think for these reason smoking should not be allowed in all restaurants.
"Smoking should be completely  banned at all the restaurant in the country. In this case i really agree because Smoking is Cause lung cancer, Environment pollution and harmful.
Smoking is the main factor that causes lung cancer and killed thousands of people in every day around the world ,There are many countries were banned smoke in restaurants  such as New Zealand, Spain and another countries. And make  second smoking feel stress when met someone smoker smoking in restaurant because it make they not enjoyed with to their food 
Smoking is environmen pollution i have known.
It's causing the human and animal to have problems breathing, the air is not pure,Makes the air hot and stuffy, leaving behind PM 0.5 dust.
Smoking is a serious type of harmful.
It harms the person who smokes and attacking the second person who receives it is more than dangerous.A person who smokes will be killing others without realizing it.Especially for women who are pregnant, if get  smoke too much, it will cause she to have a miscarriage or it might cause her child to have abnormalities.
I agree to banned smoking in a restaurant and country for many reasons.
Smoking is made non- smoking feel stress, made Pm 0.5that very harm to people, animals and environments.i believe people will be healthy and be very happy, when can banned Smoking.
"
         Smoking is always harmful in the long term and in the restaurants, smoking is not a good idea because If you smoke at a restaurant there are consequences it caused health issue, disturb the good atmosphere and bad example 
         It caused health issueThat is, it will destroy the health of yourself and those around you.  The self-destruction is that if you smoke, you will get cancer. You may not see it while you smoke, but you will definitely see it in the long run because it is the wrong substance and can even lead to death and It destroys the people around you, for example if you smoke, the people around you will also get the same cigarette smoke.  Disturb the good atmosphere. A couple on a date who is eating while you smoke might make him unhappy because we don't know if he's proposing or if it's his first date.It might cause him to break up with him. And bad example It sets a bad example for children.  Because they do not know the harmful effects of smoking.  But if they see you smoking and it looks good  They might follow suit.    And once you know, you won't quit smoking because it is an addictive substance.
         Smoking at the restaurant is so bad It is a danger to life and a threat to society"
I agree Smoking sounds be completely banned at all the restaurant because:disturb the good atmosphere,it caused health issue and bad example.
-Smoking in a restaurant is seen as spoiling the good atmosphere because the smell of cigarettes will disturb others and change the smell and atmosphere of the restaurant And most importantly, others will see that you are rude as well.
-Smoking for a long time will make us lose a lot of health, especially the problem that is often found in the middle-aged or young people is the problem of chronic cough for a long time or in some cases, there are problems with the lungs and more severe, it may even lead to cancer and death.
-Smoking in a restaurant, apart from disturbing others and damaging health, is also an example not to be given to others, especially children who have not yet reached the age of maturity. You will not recognize and listen to what should or should not be done, so they may use this behavior as an example to use in a bad way.

I think banning smoking in restaurants is a good idea."
"
First of all, eateries should be suitable place for families to go to It is undeniable that if people want to relax by lighting up a cigarette while enjoying their cup of coffee at their favourite cafes, they would be told that they can no longer have this pleasure as smoking is now illegal in all eateries, it will be very disturbing and annoying. However, those smokers can smoke at their home or other places themselves without affecting the others. It is not a must for the smokers to smoke in eateries so as to relax.
It is true to say that some businesses have many customers who smoke.And in turn, this will harm the whole economy. However, they are not the only customers. Most of the people in Hong Kong care about their health. Eateries can still make profit from these non-smokers. Banning smoking in all eateries will not affect the businesses of the eateries seriously.
Everyone knows that smoking affects people's health. Cigarette smoke can cause lung cancer and respiratory problems. Undoubtedly, we cannot ban one from smoking if they, themselves, do not care about their own health. However, as most of the eateries are air-conditioned, when someone smokes, the smoke will spread through the whole eateries via the ventilation system. Second-hand smokers will also have a great chance of getting cancer. This means that anybody who breathes in cigarette smoke is placing his or her lives at risk. Smokers are not only placing their lives at risk but also other customers'. 
To conclude, there is no doubt that the ban may affect the level of income for a few businesses. However, the majority of customers of eateries are non-smokers. If smoking is banned in all eateries, it will help to improve people's health. Health is the most important thing for people. If you are healthy enough, you can do anything you want to do. 

"
