"Yes, yes, and YES. I absolutely think that college students should get a part-time job. There are plenty of reasons as to why college students should have a part-time job, regardless if they are well-off or need to make ends meet. First of all, a part-time job gives students an opportunity to earn some money on the side while they invest their time onto their studies or hobbies. For example, if you have lectures at Monday, Wednesday and Friday evening, you will have plenty of time to spare on the rest of weekdays, which could be used on other activities or getting a part-time job that you can work and earn money. Secondly, part-time jobs allow students to expand their social circles and facilitate networking by working with different managers, fellow colleagues, and people from all walks of life, opening up new opportunities or experiences to learn. Next, part-time jobs open up a wide variety of difficulties, ranging from job hunting to dealing with potentially obnoxious customers, helping students to mentally prepare for future jobs. Last and most importantly, part-time jobs allow students to accumulate work experiences, giving them a leverage in future job-hunts where students can use their work experiences like work ethics and achievements to prove to employers that they’re a reliable employee.
College students who come from far away counties will consider part-time jobs a must-have if they want to pay rent, food, utilities and tuition fees, while living in major cities, and well-off students might need not to worry much if their parents had already paid for their tuition fees and giving them allowances, but it is still important that college students get a part-time jobs, for all of the reason above, and because staying at home all day long can get boring fast."
"It is clear that students in universities should join some extra-time job. However I partly agree with this statement, in this essay I will manifest my point of view.
Part-time job will help student to be mature quickly. The first reason for this idea is that they will understand more clearly the value of money that their parents invest to them, that’s why they will know how to save their money and spend it on the valuable things such as education, sport or something is relevant to their improvement. Moreover they can also enhance the deep of their soul  that make them feel sympathize and thankful to people surround them. Secondly, extra-time job will grind their personality, soft skills or how to attitude with people in the society. It is the time they can experience variety of job, communicate with numerous people from different background. Therefore, they will be able to form a unique characteristic.
On the other hand, own a part-time job in university time also waste their time. Especially a medicine students or software engineer students, these students should spend time on studying theory and learn how to apply it in practical. In addition, money can make students quit school early, although they have not graduated. Since, when they are able to earn money, they will focus on their work maximize. Therefore, their grade at university will decline significantly.
Part-time job have advantages and disadvantages. However students should know how to balance their life."
"There is a saying that students having part-time jobs during their time in college is essential.  In my opinion, working part-time is beneficial for students in terms of improving their soft skills. However, it would be best if they could balance the time spent studying in school and working as well as find a job that is related to their future fields.
In Vietnam, undergraduate courses generally take about 4 years, and longer for some specific ones to finish. In my opinion, graduating from university in Vietnam is not that hard since most schools report a high to nearly-complete graduation rate. However, in my point of view, for students to gain the most amount of knowledge possible about their always-changing career while preparing themselves with different skills, are not easy tasks, let alone having to divide some of their time for part-time jobs.
Though, we can’t deny the fact that joining the workforce early does come with gaining experiences that are going to benefit them greatly later in life. Students could get a chance to interact more with customers and employees, learning how they should communicate and what they might have to do to be qualified for the job market after their graduation. Moreover, earnings from the job could help students cover their tuition fees or simply spend on their personal interests.

"
"College students having a part-time job might have become increasingly common these days. Despite many positive effect this has made for the students, it might have more hidden negative impact than it might seems.

College students having a part-time job can obtain some useful skill and be more independent citizens. First of all, having a job while studying can be great to broaden the student’s prospective about life, which helps them to understand how things usually works because they have a chance to interact with various kind of people and deal with unexpected situations. This can helps them to build a stronger character and this can be beneficial in college because group- working requires a lot of same skills while working. Secondly, having a job which is paid can makes the student more financially independent. Nowadays, there might be a great amount of students who have to work for their own tuition, so working can lighten the burden on their financial 

On the other hand, having a job while still on a education program may have more negative impact than we might thought of. Firstly, these job can be too time- consuming, which may lead to the fact that they can fail on their academic performance. For some of the students who have a scholarship or study overseas, have a bad academic results can cancel their privilege and sent them back to their hometown. Furthermore, it can affect the student’s health which lead to a lot of illness such as renal failure of simply exhausted because the lack of time for sleeping

In conclusion, having a part-time job is rather more negative than all of its benefits, college students should pay attention on their education for a better future."
"Part-time job is always a hot topic to discuss in the college student community.  Some people believe that it is especially important for college students to find a part-time job. However, I slightly agree with this statement because in my opinion, it depends on the major and how they manage their free time. Firstly, it is so clear that a part-time job can help you make a living or buy something on your wish list. Growing in the 2000s, college students now find it is much easier to find a job with the help of the internet. On the other hand, if you are not good at time management, paying too much attention to doing or finding a job can lead to an F grade in the most important subject. Then you must pay a tuition fee which is much higher salary to pass the exam. Secondly, your major is also a factor affect to you should find a part-time job or not. Take medical students as an example, there are many subjects on the lecture, after class, they have to join in the clinical class in hospital and self-study class. Therefore, spending time on a job has become more difficult than ever.  
In conclusion, like other things, part-time jobs also have their bright and dark side. There is not a right answer for everyone, the decision is up to you."
"It is argued that college undergraduates should work part-time before graduation. Despite certain perceived hardships, I believe that the benefits of the students’ employment are more crucial.
Admittedly, those who are against the idea that college students should be in charge of a part-time position might raise several concerns. One of them is the school-work imbalance, meaning that the undergraduates may not properly manage their personal schedules to complete work tasks while responsible for academic performance. These students, as a result, might experience burnout and be at risk of health issues. Another possible drawback is that the part-time job involvement might take a toll on college students’ social interactions with peers and academics at school. Due to the career development priority and professional responsibility, they might be compelled to sacrifice quality time with classmates and lecturers, critical to personal growth and academic excellence.
However, I posit that the aforementioned challenges are far eclipsed by more important merits. To start with, as the contemporary job market tends to prioritize fresh graduates with work experience, working part-time during college life is paramount. For this reason, students, equipped with early career skills and insights, often have more significant advantages compared to others with few work records, potentially gaining a high position in a company’s hierarchy after graduation. Additionally, undergraduates can gradually build financial foundation by working part-time during college. With their own source of income, these students, especially those from low socio-economic backgrounds, can give monetary support to their families and nurture themselves, necessary for personal development.
In conclusion, in spite of relatively valid disadvantages of college students’ participation in part-time lines of work, I argue that these are far outweighed by more essential gains, including increased opportunities for post-college job application and early financial independence."
"Part-time jobs have been in increasingly high demand among both college students and employers alike. This may be because more and more people are finding extracurricular jobs crucial in career and personal development. Amidst opposing opinions on this issue, this essay will argue that it is not necessary for university students to spend time working besides their studies.
There are several possible reasons for a student to not have a part-time position. Firstly, some vocations require a high, if not sole, focus on curricular training for students to get jobs after graduation such as medical doctor, nurse, priest or nun. Some of these vocations including medical doctor and accountants even place emphasis on the grades of specific academic courses and certificates for students to secure a place in the job market. Secondly, doing a part-time job may pose certain threats to academic performance of students such as lowered mental health and distractions from studies. These consequences may therefore have a negative influence on the pursuit of a university degree, thus leading to waste of time of effort.
Meanwhile, some people may argue that a part-time job can help students with tuition fee and living expenses during university time. In fact, some students are able to pay their college costs while doing a side job outside their school. However, this cannot be the case for every student since each person has different life purpose, career aspiration, and resources. For example, a middle-class student with adequate finance for tuition fee while coming from a socially disadvantaged area might not have the need for doing a part-time job.
In conclusion, while part-time jobs can be beneficial for some, they are not a competitive edge for every student. It is recommended that this issue be under careful consideration in career development services."
"It is believed that there are some undeniable drawbacks for college students to have a part-time job due to facing challenges in work-life balance and other several factors. However, I also maintain the opinion that having a job for students when they are still in university bring more benefits than disadvantages.
On the one hand, the argument that university students should not have a part-time job is reasonable to some extent. Firstly, university students will easily concentrate on working rather than studying in case of financial strain is increasing and earning money become a strong motivation. For example, students may choose to work shifts at a coffee shop over study to pay more attention for the short-term financial benefits than knowledge. 
On the other hand, although the disadvantages of having casual employment have a significant impact, the value of part-time jobs during college should not be underestimated due to some reasons. Primarily, students working part-time can gain valuable experience that can greatly improve their readiness for future occupation. Nowadays, a lot of employers search for candidates who have both real experience and academic credentials, leading to a high unemployment rate among new graduates. Hence, students who proactively seek part-time work can help them better understand the professional world, develop specialist skills, and build a network resulting in better competitive advantages in the future. Additionally, working part-time offers students an opportunity to develop essential life skills that is not taught in the classroom. Time management, for instance, becomes students’ juggle and if they can manage well, those will become vital skills to use in their professional environment afterward.
In conclusion, despite the negative impact of having part-time jobs for college students, I still believe that the advantages are outweigh the disadvantages."
"Many people hold the opinion that working part-time is a crucial part of being a university student. From my perspective, I agree with the given idea, as working part-time can offer people working experiences, essential skills and resources that are valuable for them before stepping in the real job market.
To begin with, part time jobs offer valuable working experiences and essential work-related skills.  With part-time jobs, students are given chances to have a glimpse at their future fields and participating in the process of creating products and services. Even if these jobs are not related to their majors, they also offer environments for self-growth and developing other important skills, for example human relations skills and networking, which are beneficial for their future careers.
Secondly, working part-time is a practical way to earn resources and money for students to continue their studying. It is undeniable that further education are not affordable for many people, and without earning income many students would struggle to make ends meets with their living expenses. Therefore, not only can part time jobs offer valuable work experiences and skills, they also give students with financial burdens an opportunity to access higher education.
To conclude, I believe that having a part time job is crucial to college students, as it can benefit these individuals both career-wise and financially. Therefore, students should be encouraged to work part-time during their time in university, given the aforementioned advantages."
"It is believed that a part-time job is essential for university students. While a part-time occupation may pose certain challenges to academic pursuits, it is crucial for students.
On the one hand, part-time jobs can place a great burden on time management and well-being. This stems from the monetary benefits gained from working. However, students, especially those who attend university full-time, will need to sacrifice their time in class to be at work. Moreover, it requires enormous efforts to balance between having a part-time job and performing well at school, which may have detrimental effects on learners’ health.
On the other hand, students can gain significant advantages working while studying. Firstly, although previously labeled as a challenge, time management skills can also be improved for students with a part-time job. Making priorities, creating schedules, and being disciplined are ways to manage time that can be honed when one is required to juggle different occupations. Secondly, working part-time jobs allow students hands-on experiences rarely found in classroom settings. For instance, by working as a part-time teaching assistant, a pedagogical student can understand how different teaching methodologies are applied in real-life situations. In the long run, practices like these can better prepare students for occupying full-time jobs.
In conclusion, it is advised that students should consider taking up part-time jobs that match their expertise and hone their time management skills to make the most use of the return from the experiences."
"Many people said that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. In my point of views, I strongly agree with this opinion.
 When students graduated from high school, they have enough knowledge and soft skills to do a part-time job such as cashier in the convenient stores, server in the restaurants. In addition, if they have a good teaching skill, they can be a tutor of children. Having a part time job, students can practice and learn more skills to be more confident and have experience. For example, to be a cashier they have to be careful and have a good calculate skill. Besides, fees in the college nowadays is very expensive so doing some part time jobs can help them pay for the fees and let them know how to earn and save money. 
However, some part-time job environments are not safe. Students can be scammed by many things such as lost money, … Therefore, having a part-time job is important to develop skills and earn money but sometimes, students cannot balance their time to study and they are distracted by money and jobs. 
To conclusion, students should choose a suitable part-time job which can help develop them skills and earn money but not bring a bad effect on the study in college."
"Nowadays, some college students are working some part-time jobs to earn money that leads to neglect of their studies. Some people think that it is not recommended to work part-time because it will affect their studies a lot.  Personally, i disagree with this statement 
Firstly, working some part-time heavy jobs takes a lot of energy, leading to not having much energy to go to school. When we go to school, we need a lot of energy to learning in the easiest way. For example, my friend is a student at an International University, currently working part-time at a convenience store GS25, because of the nature of the work, he has to work night shifts frequently, leading to morning lessons, he is often absent and does not go to school, leading to being banned from taking exams. 
Secondly, part-time work also affects health, studying becomes more difficult for college students. Currently, part-time jobs such as driving technology motorbike are more popular for students because it is easy to get a job, which leads to popularity. For instance, according to Báo Mới there are some college student having an accident while driving. The consequences are very tragic for the family and greatly affect the study. 
In conclusion, while there are potential benefits to having a part-time job during college, such as financial support and work experience, the drawbacks must also be considered. The primary focus for college students should be their academic success and personal development. Juggling a job alongside demanding coursework can lead to increased stress, reduced academic performance, and limited time for extracurricular activities and social interactions.  "
"In today times, being a college student can be difficult as a college student may find themselves having to battle with both educational and financial hardships. For the latter reason, many people believe that it is mandatory for college students to be having a part-time job. In my opinion, I strongly agree with this statement for various reason.

Firstly, living in a big city is extremely costly and for a college student the easiest way to earn legal money is through a part-time job. Having a part-time job will enable a student to save up a little bit money to support their education and personal life. A part-time job provides a student with a sufficient amount of money so they can tend to their personal needs. Furthermore, with the money they get from working, the financial strain on the student’s family at home would be lessen.

Secondly, when a student takes part in a job, they get a chance to embark on an actual working experience. It helps build their self-confident and personal experience, both of which would become a major advantage in their future career path. In addition, as they are taking part in the job, they will have a chance to expand their social network. Thus, giving them a better chance for their future works.

In conclusion, I strongly agree with the statement that a part-time job is crucial to a college student, and I believe that having a part-time job would benefit them greatly both in their personal life and future career."
"Following fervent efforts during the day at a tertiary institution, for some, it is expected of students to also become employed for a few hours. In my view, work at this stage does not constitute much necessity for all but very specific types of students.
	
	The work-and-study schedule is only truly fruitful for those with jobs closely related to their interest. It is under this condition that students can actually improve their set of skills and knowledge, rather than completing tasks haphazardly. Let us take an example between one who is studying hospitality and one of engineering. If both decide to take up a position serving customers in a convenience store, the former would be much more likely to get life-long benefits from the experience, not forget everything as they walk through the door. The reality is far from this, but as a hypothesis this would result in a work timeline better suited for the career post-graduation.

	For others, there are much better actions they can take instead of going to a part-time job. We need to acknowledge that a majority of students have had enough on their plate studying in a new school. They may take the whole day after school to fully absorb the lectures as well as finish required assignments. Were these students to shoulder employment anyway, they might not achieve average, acceptable levels in either component. Then, what about those still wishing to learn more about the industry? In reality, there are several answers, all with much less stress, including watching videos featuring desirable tasks, or partaking in sharing sessions opposite workers with seniority.
	
	To sum up, part-time professions had better accompany schoolwork only when a person is ready for them, while other people can take another different path as is appropriate.
"
"The significant role of doing a part-time occupation during college time is one of the ignited debate in our modern society. In my opinion, I partly agree with this statement and I will explain the reason in this essay.
Taking the part-time job brings the college students such a plenty of advantages in their own life. The first reason is that understanding how hard to make money can help them to value their own money and manage their finance better. For example, most of college students start their part-time jobs with low salary. Therefore, it may help them to realize the effort that their parents have to work to afford their tuition fee or make them satisfied that they can live independently. Moreover, the part-time joins assist them to strengthen their soft skill in the future work. Some skills that they might learn from the career like time management, interaction with the customer etc. or maybe absorb their specialized knowledge will contribute their confident in their future work. For instance, some students choose some part-time career related to their major in university to apply their knowledge into reality workplace.
On the other hand, having the part-time job during study period have its own difficulties. Firstly, it is hard for the students to manage the time between work and study. For example, they devote their study time in class to work and cannot go to class because of their own tiredness after work. Furthermore, if the student balance well between the study work and the part-time job, it will help the students  significantly in their future life.
In conclusion, the part-time can be an crucial part for college student because of its benefit bringing for their experience, however, they also should learn how to manage their time effectively."
"There are some debates about the importance of part-time jobs in the academic journey of university students. From my perspective, students should have a part-time job because it can bring several positive impacts.
The first benefit of having a part-time job is that it can provide useful experience. Unlike traditional classrooms where most students only study academic subjects, a part-time job can act as an environment that enables students to apply their knowledge. Instead of being a passive recipient of information, through part-time jobs, students can have a chance to practice what they know and learn valuable lessons from the results. Moreover, as being exposed to the workplace, students can also become more familiar with matters such as the importance of responsibilities or the work-life balance. 
Another advantage of having a part-time job is the chance to establish rewarding relationships. Working in a new environment means meeting new people, and students can have a chance to make new friends. Having good company can get students motivation and self-reflection, which lead to boosted academic productivity. Along with friends, students can also have contact with seniors. Not only can students gain knowledge from experienced individuals, but they can also be more advantageous when it comes to suggestion or promotion in the long run.
All in all, a part-time job would bring decent lessons that may never be taught in traditional school. It is important that students get more real-life exposure and become active participants on their academic journey."
"The question whether having a part-time job is necessary for undergraduates has been widely debated. Personally, I think these students should have one because of its benefits it can bring. 
First, when taking up a part-time job, college students can be more independent. These students who had not experienced working part-time might rely on their parents or relatives for tuition fees and living expenses, which can be changed if they can make money from their own part-time job. They can self-pay for these costs, not being reliant on their family. Furthermore, holding a part-time job can help these students understand the true value of money at a young age. Because they have to work hard to get money as college students, they would appreciate the money they earn and therefore, they may have a better saving plan.
Additionally, those undergraduates would be able to get more practical experiences when taking up a part-time job related to their study major. They would have to work for other people, be responsible for what they do and get more knowledge about what their future job would be like. These experiences can only be provided at the workspace, not at university. Granted, some might say that part-time jobs can affect badly to students’ study as it is time-consuming, thus they might get bad study results. However, a part-time job only takes a small amount of time in a college student’s day, which still leaves him enough time to take care of his study.   
In conclusion, having a part-time job can help college students to be more financially stable and have more major-related experience, which makes part-time jobs become an important part undergraduates’ life."
I do agree that a part-time job is important for college students. First, they can improve their time and money management skills. They will know how to use time and money more wisely. Second, it helps college students gain more experience in their future work and lives. So that it can be easier for them to at least find a job after college. Third, having a part-time job can show how mature and growing they are to themselves and their family. Lastly, they can make more relationships outside of the college environment. This is an opportunity for them to have a valuable connection and networking opportunity. On the other hand, working part-time might not be a good idea for some people. They need to strike a balance between studying and working, which is hard for some people and leads to failing classes. From there, it can cause stress for some students, which affects their mental health. Also, it can limit all their other activities, including time with friends and family, going out, and studying. Overall, I do agree with the idea that college students having a part-time job helps them improve their life skills and make their future lives better, but it might be hard and challenging for some people.
"It is said that there are many college students who have part-time jobs, and for many reasons, this will either be a problem or just a regular thing. There are some arguments about this scenario, some support the idea that college students should have a part-time job and some do not. In my perspective, having a part-time job depends on many factors, and undergraduate students will decide whether or not they have a part-time job.

On the one hand, there are several reasons why students work part-time during their time in college. Some students have poor backgrounds, their families cannot handle all the school fees, they have no choice but to work part-time to help their families. Usually, international students are more likely to have part-time jobs than native students, they live far from their hometowns and mostly their parents have to work hard for them to study in another country. Furthermore, many students want to gain experience for their future career, it is thought that those job experiences will help them develop their skills and get more opportunities.

On the other hand, there are some opinions that do not support the idea of college students having part-time jobs. When students commit to a job, it will be easy to get distracted from their school work. There are some cases when college students too focus on finding money, they spend time working and cannot keep a balance between work and study. The problem is they do not know how to manage their time effectively so they end up messing up things.

In conclusion, I personally believe undergraduate students can have a part-time job if they can manage their time balance between work and study.
"
"Part-time employment is reportedly common among college students, and depending on the circumstances, this could be an issue or just be a typical occurrence. Regarding this circumstance, there are differing opinions; some argue in favor of and against college students doing a part-time job. I believe there are a lot of elements that go into deciding whether or not undergraduate students have a part-time employment.

One the one hand, there are a number of reasons why college students work part-time jobs. Some students come from low-income homes, and since they are unable to pay for all of their education, they are forced to take part-time jobs in order to support their family. International students typically take part-time jobs, live far from home, and their parents have to work very hard to support them financially so they can pursue their education abroad. In addition, a lot of students wish to receive experience in the workplace since they believe it would help them advance their careers and open up more options.

However, there are other viewpoints that oppose the notion of part-time employment for college students. Students are likely to become sidetracked from their academic work when they take on a job. There are instances where college students are excessively preoccupied with making ends meet, work long hours, and struggle to strike a balance between employment and school. Their inability to efficiently manage their time leads to them making mistakes, which is the issue.

In conclusion, I think undergraduate students who are able to manage their time well between employment and studies can work a part-time job. 
"
"Some people said that college students should do the jobs beside studying, some said differently. Personally, I partly agree with this point of view, and in the following essay, I will prove my idea with evidence.

Regarding the former view point, part-time jobs help students in many fields. Firstly, there is no denial that part time jobs help students to release the major financial burden. They can help parents to pay for bills such as food, study materials as well as more freedom in spending money. Secondly, some students do the part time jobs in order to improve their skill. As we can see there are a lot of companies that hire college students as they are very dynamic and willing to study new things. As they work, they can improve their communication skills, or solve the problems more professionally.

However, there are some drawbacks that we cannot avoid. Firstly, some students are immersed in doing part time jobs because they want to make more money, so that they cannot concentrate on studying while study is their major thing to do. Additionally, some students are not mature enough to avoid some basic mistakes at work as well as get cheated.

Overall, part time jobs have their disadvantages and advantages. Personally, I agree with the point that college students should do part time jobs because you can make mistakes to learn more and be more mature.  

"
"In the present, many people believe that college students should spend full time studying in order to complete their courses and get diplomas as soon as possible. However, others think that it is essential for students to apply for a part-time job while they are in their college life.

One of the main reasons behind the need for students to get a part-time job is finance. Many families have financial problems, which causes great pressure on students. Therefore, they have to apply for a part-time job so as to deal with those difficulties as well as give them more freedom to use money. Additionally, part time jobs give students more opportunities to express themselves. For instance, many college students do part time jobs in order to improve their communication skills and social relationships.

However, this point of view also has its own drawbacks. Students who do part time jobs may not have adequate time to study as college is more challenging than high schools. Therefore, they cannot perform well in study areas as well as cannot graduate. 

Overall, this viewpoint has benefits and drawbacks, students should consider carefully in order to give the right choices for their working and study life.


"
"I strongly believe that college students should have a part-time job.

First of all, the most purpose for Vietnamese college students when they find a part-time job is to experience. Many young college students want to attend colleges or universities in big cities so that they can develop themselves better. Because of the different background and the youth of teenage, college students, especially who come from other smaller cities, have desire to experience life. To me, it is advantaged for them to get used to the hustle and bustle in the megacity. From that, they can change the old lifestyle fitting the new life that they are going to spend about 3-4 years on. While having a part-time job, they have chances to meet new people with different backgrounds and stories so that the college students can also learn a lot from them. In big cities, scams are a lot, learning from someone can help their life.  

As mentioned, the backgrounds of college are not alike, having a part-time job is a way for them to earn money. It is hard for the fact that countless students have to balance between the studying and the earning and it is a way for them to help their family. College life is not only students' dreams but also their parents' too, but not every family can afford that. To catch up the dreams, some college students must try their best to make money.

To sum up, having a part-time job brings lots of benefits. No matter the main of different people, a part-time job is a small step for the college students to step into the wide world. As you know, you have to finish the small steps so that you will have enough to come to the larger dreams.
"
"Having a part-time job has been a crucial aim for university students recently and is growing more than ever before. In my opinion, I both agree and disagree with this trend at the same time because of the experience it brings and the time we need for the jobs.

The reason why people who are still in colleges need to try new jobs is due to the knowledge and experience they gain through the jobs. Firstly, students are likely to solely learn through lectures and exams at school, which might lead to the lack of real life experience that their majors actually need. In that case, finding a part-time job that matches the student's major could bring a lot of benefits since they can try and learn in the environment of real-life scheme. For instance, it could be seen that overseas students usually find part-time internships to gain more experience and help them with monetary problems.

On the other hand, college students can still suffer from insufficient time for their daily work. If the jobs demand a lot of time to do and finish all the deadlines then maybe the students don't have time gaps to do their homework and focus on their studies. Therefore, their scores at school could be low or they couldn't pass their tests at school. Moreover, sometimes the students choose part-time jobs that are not related to their majors, which may lead to it just a waste of time since the experience cannot be used for future purposes.

In conclusion, I do agree that students should have part-time jobs while studying but they have to pick the right one that help them with their further careers.

"
"Whether we believe it or not, the cost of living has gone up drastically over the past few years. So many workers got laid off because their company could not afford paying too many employees, notably, a part of these workers are parents with children in university, which mean they can only give their offsprings lower allowance, that is why, college students should have a part time job to support themselves financially. 

Firstly, most universities are located on cities, which are very costly to live, so students have to face numerous expenses that will most likely make them struggle at the end of the month, so an additional income from part-time job will definitely help them make ends meet. 

Secondly, these jobs not only give them money, but also give them the knowledge, the experience helping them later when they join the workforce, as the working environment requires more than plain knowledge from school, they must possess important skills such as time-management skill, collaboration skill… to achieve higher salary as well as higher position within the company, all of these can be found in part-time jobs. 

Lastly, because it is part-time, learners do not need to spend ten hours a day on these jobs, most side jobs like that only take workers about one to three hours a day, students still have time to take care of their study at school, then after college, they will graduate with not just a degree, but working experience to put on the CV. 

As part-time jobs provide so many benefits for college students that stay with them their whole life, I strongly agree that college students should have a part-time job. "
"Many college students consider getting a part-time job while pursuing their education. Some believe that working during college is essential while others argue that part-time jobs can negatively affect the study and should not be achieved. From my viewpoint, having a part-time job is important for college students.

First, financial support is the main reason. Instead of being supported all fee for tuition and living from parents, college students cover expenses by getting a part-time job to pay for textbooks and necessities. For instance, people who do part-time jobs at a café or restaurant often be included the staff meals so they can save the money for meals. 

Second, it should not be denied that networking opportunities are an advantage of having a part-time job for college students. A part-time job helps to meet more professionals in various fields and build connections. For example, a second-year student working as an intern in a company may get a full-time job offer after graduation. A part-time job not only helps college students in supporting finance but also in building networking opportunities. In conclusion, having part-time job is highly beneficial for college students.

While balancing work and studies may be challenging, the benefits of getting a part-time job outweigh the difficulties. Therefore, college students should consider taking on a part-time job to enhance both their academic study and connection opportunities."
"Nowadays, students in university or college usually get a part–time job to earn money for paying in their daily life. Some people say that "It is important for college students to have a part-time job," and I totally agree with this opinion. Having a job during their study may help them develop some skills.

Firstly, students who have a part-time job would get some social skills such as communication, teamwork, and so on. For example, if students apply for the waitress position in the restaurant, they would be learned about serving the guests politely, ordering and bringing the foods,…Therefore, they will know how to communicate with people and how to do teamwork when they do the waitress job. Besides, they can also get knowledge and skills from their manager or boss. For example, they can look at their manager's work and ask them about their job and they can also learn the management's skill from real life. This would help them a lot when they apply for a job after graduation.

Secondly, students can earn their own money to pay for everything they want without depending on their parents. They can use that money to pay for renting house, electricity bill, water bill,… and so on. Getting a part-time job would help college students live more independently and also help their parents not spend too much money for their study in college.

In conclusion, getting a part-time job is good for college students cause they can get social skills, learning and earning their own money using in daily life. However, students who get part-time jobs must be careful because there are too many fake companies that can trick college students in modern life. Also, they must be focus on their study and get good mark for good graduation. "
"Nowadays, many people suppose that college students should get part- time jobs so as to gain experience and money to cover a part of their living expenses. Meanwhile, others think that it is better for students to focus on their studies so that they can get stable jobs in the future. In my own opinion, I think it depends on the alignment of the part-time job and their current studying majors.
           On the one hand, if these part-time jobs have some similarities with students' studying major, then this will be a good way for students to sharpen their skills and experience before landing stable jobs. These part-time jobs will help them increase social interaction, expand their networking, and working experience which will give them more opportunities in the future. Furthermore, in the current hyper-competitive market, these jobs can be put in their curriculum vitae making employers be more impressive, compared to other candidates.  
          On the other hand, if these part-time jobs are completely different from their studying majors or passion then they are not beneficial to college students. As these part-time jobs can not help them sharpen any working skills, experience and academic jobs. As a result, they can suffer from many difficulties in finding well-paid jobs in their fields. Therefore, I believe students should focus on their study, enhance their knowledge and get jobs relating to their majors.
           To sum up, I believe that having part time jobs is beneficial for students as long as they have some similarities to their current studying majors. Therefore, these jobs can help students by allowing them to enhance their major knowledge, experience  as well as sharpen their working skills. "
"In this rapidly changing world, seeking a part-time job is stated to be crucial for university students. While I agree that this can strengthen their curriculum vitae in terms of skills and work experience, I believe that other extracurricular activities can give them the same benefits.

On one hand, a part-time job is considered to be the preparation for a full-time occupation. This is because when working in a professional environment, students would have opportunities to get hands-on experience in their expertise as well as improve their soft skills if their part-time jobs are related to their major. As a result, such work experience would impress employers when students apply for an internship in their senior years. However, a part-time job is only advantageous if it is relevant to the student's major, otherwise it only partially relieves their financial burden. 

On the other hand, there are other extracurricular activities that may be equally advantageous. For example, if students take part in a club, they can expand their networking which would give them a chance to meet professionals in their expertise. This would not only give them opportunities to have a mentor that can aid them in their work path but also provide them with valuable insights.

In conclusion, while a part-time is important in terms of improving students' skills and experience, I suggest they should also take part in other extracurricular activities."
"Some people believe that having a part-time job is crucial for students who are in college. From my perspective, I mostly agree with this statement.

On the one hand, college students should do several jobs besides their learning, which can bring many benefits to themselves or their families. Firstly, having a part-time job can make the students more independent, confident, and gain extra skills, such as fast problem-solving skills, communication skills, and all that jazz. This helps to reduce the financial burden that places on their parents and also creates advantages for their personal growth. Secondly, part-time jobs bring good relationships and experience as well. Once they have new jobs, this means they enter new environments and face new relationships and challenges. So, they not only have more experience at work, which will benefit them a lot when they go to find work in the future but also help to expand their circles of friends. 

On the other hand, sometimes, having an outside job while studying leads to some drawbacks, such as time-wasting or bad health. Many schools' schedules are full, so do other works besides learning may make parts of students feel tired and exhausted, or sometimes it can badly affect their mental and physical health. Also, it is a little bit difficult for a college student to find a good part-time job with a fine income. In the end, they may just waste a lot of their time.

In conclusion, for all the reasons mentioned above, I am convinced that college students should have a part-time job, but they need to know how to balance their working and learning schedules efficiently in order not to be overwhelmed and stressed.  "
"In today's fast-paced world, whether students in university should have another source of income from doing a part-time job or not has become a hotly debated issue. From my perspective, I strongly agree with this argument since applying for a job early not only brings independence in finance but also improves life skills for college students.
  
One of the most crucial reasons to support this point of view is that the financial burden of their family will be alleviated and they will become independent in managing their money. With the aid from the salary, students have the ability to pay for their own life expenses such as food, transportation and entertainment. As a result, parents do not have to spend a huge amount of money to satisfy their personal needs apart from school fees or things related to studying. In some families who face the financial burden, children have to drop out of school to take a manual job to gain income. 

Another benefit from having a part-time job is that students who join the labour workforce at an early time can gain a lot of useful life skills. It is obvious that they will be trained by the senior or by the boss to help them maintain their work. Moreover, students are taught more profound knowledge that has never been mentioned in colleges. 

In conclusion, there is no doubt that having a job during college time will bring many benefits for students. "
"Some people suppose that it is crucial for university students to have a part-time job. Whereas, some individuals disapprove this opinion. In my viewpoint, students should have a part-time job for experiencing and gaining social knowledge and assisting parents in paying tuition fee.

On the one hand, students are not encouraged to have part-time jobs because of time-consuming. Parents almost think that studying must be on the top of priority. Instead of pursuing part-time job at the young age, they can spend on learning new things and trying their best at college to have high GPA and that usefully helps them after graduation. While doing part-time jobs can distract and directly affect their studying productivity. Besides, doing part-time jobs may have some potential risks such as being abused for doing much more than assigned

On the other hand, having part-time jobs benefits students in enhancing social skills. In working environment, they can meet people from different backgrounds and interact with new things so that they can have a deeper social knowledge which are necessary for their future career. Furthermore, it is also a good way for students to have a better quality of life. In their spare time, doing part-time jobs partly helps their parents in reducing financial burden and that money can be also used for developing themselves.

In conclusion, part-time job has both sides and it depends on the demand of each individual. But doing part-time jobs 's advantages outperform is disadvantages in many aspects."
"Speaking from the view of a college student, having a part-time job is indeed important.

But it must depend on the kind of job that the college students do. To make it easy to understand, students who are majoring in Art/Music should take commissions (taking art or music commissions through social platforms, etc.) as their side job, or for the Computer Science or Economics students, they should do jobs that are relevant to their majors too. It is to made sure that they can focus on their talents and do things that they good at, making them have more experiences instead of doing other part-time jobs that can't, or not likely to support their skills for their future jobs. 

However, some specific jobs require high-level skills and knowledge, such as engineers, doctors, lawyers, etc. It is better for them to focus more on the academic side and scholarships. But a part-time job should stay as a part-time job. Even though I do support college students to have one, but they should be more cautious and care more on their academic side.

Finally, having a part-time job is crucial, but college students should do more research about their major and future jobs before choosing a suitable part-time job that will not waste their time and skills. "
"      It is argued that students should have a part-time job while studying at the colleges or universities. I completely agree with this opinion because this would contribute to the development of the students themselves and help them overcome some economic difficulties if they have. 

      It should be noted that doing a part-time job would develop some important skills for students. In other words, via communications and cooperation with people outside their university, they would have more practical experience which is beneficial for their future work. For example, when they work in a restaurant, they have to know how to be polite and friendly in order to bring the best service to customers. Every job has its own lessons and students can learn it while exposing themselves to these environments. Moreover, students can enhance their time management skills and social skills which are considered as one of the most important skills for future employers. 

      Especially for students who have difficulties in the economy, part-time jobs are the lifesaver for them. It is because they can earn their own money, affording the basics of their life. Almost all students these days choose to go to the big cities for education so economic pressures are considerably great for them including renting, food, tuition fee, etc. 

      In conclusion, I believe that college students should participate in working part-time to support their life and develop some important skills. "
"It is said that college students should not have a part-time job because it may distract them from learning. From my perspective, I strongly disagree with that opinion because it is necessary for the students to earn money from the part-time job during college time. This essay will discuss two reasons relating to this.

Firstly, while the parents must take responsibility to pay the tuition fee, which means that the college students do not need to be nervous about money, there still are numerous households whose financial condition is not enough to raise a child up to college. Although many governments had promulgated many policies in order to help the lower-class people continue to learn in the colleges. The students coming from the lower class are also nervous about their financial condition. It is because they must not only take care of tuition fees, but they also have to worry about their use of money in daily life, such as transportation, food, etc. Therefore, it is necessary for them to have a part-time job in order to continue maintaining their lives.

Secondly, by earning money during college time, students can gain more experience before joining the markets. Even though the part-time jobs that they do are not related to their major, these jobs can help them get familiar with the working environment. For instance, if the students work for F&B business, they can learn how to communicate with customers. This will create confidence whenever they meet people, it is one of the important skills that every student should have before graduating from college.

In conclusion, I strongly agree that the students can earn money from a part-time job because not only does it help students with money, but it also provides them with necessary experiences which are helpful for their future career."
"In contemporary society, financial issues among college students have sparked numerous discussions. In particular, there is debate over whether having a part-time job is essential for university students. From my perspective, I agree that a part-time job is highly beneficial for college students for two main reasons.

Firstly, financial constraints can be alleviated by having a part-time job. Many college students choose to move from their hometowns to big, developed cities such as Ho Chi Minh or Da Nang to pursue better educational opportunities. Living independently in such a fast-paced environment, students must manage their expenses effectively. Not only do they have to cover tuition fees, but they also need to pay for medical expenses, electricity bills, and daily necessities. This financial burden can be overwhelming, especially for those lacking money management skills, potentially leading to financial struggles. Therefore, a part-time job providing extra income can ease this pressure, allowing students to be more relaxed and focus on their studies without excessive financial worries.

Secondly, a part-time job is an ideal option for balancing academics and earning money. Such jobs typically require little experience but still offer a reasonable salary for college students. Moreover, part-time jobs do not demand excessive working hours, allowing students to flexibly choose schedules that do not interfere with their studies. What is truly great about part-time jobs is that students do not need to work full-time but can still gain experience, acquire new knowledge, and, most importantly, expand their savings!

In conclusion, a part-time job is an optimal choice for college students who need extra income but do not have enough free time to commit to a full-time job. As a result, I strongly support the idea of college students having a part-time job!"
"It is said that a part-time job is important for college students. In my opinion, I strongly agree with this statement. 

On the one hand, having a part-time job increases students' experiences. By taking part in jobs related to their majors, students can have chances to study and practice enough before having jobs after colleges and universities. Secondly, working with people outside colleges and universities may give them a chance to know how society in reality, so they could be mature day by day and ready to walk in to devastated working space in the future. Thirdly, students are not going to waste money which is earned by themselves and they know the value of money. Besides, they can use their own money without asking their parents and sometimes that money helps them pay tuition and fees. 

On the other hand, students should not always focus on working part-time jobs if their scores at school are getting lower. Studying is the most important thing to do when students are in college or university, so having part-time jobs should be a fun experience to learn and practice. 

In conclusion, having a part-time job is important for students to learn new things, but they should do it to gain more skills and experiences."
"The topic about college students having a part-time job has always been a problem. Nowadays, as it includes both advantages and disadvantages. In my opinion, I agree that it is crucial for college students to have a part-time job, especially for freshmen. 

First of all, having a part-time job can give college students opportunities to improve their communication skills and soft skills. Before going to college, many students do not have the environment to level up their communication skills, their daily routine usually only contains repeated activities like sleeping, commuting, eating and studying. A part-time job can help students in that situation, it puts them into a situation where they need to communicate and have social interaction. After working and practicing in the part-time job, students will prepare for themselves a strong soft skill that can help them in the career ladder after graduation. 

Secondly, part-time jobs help students to upgrade their living conditions by giving them more money. With the income that a part-time job gives, students can invest in their hobbies, knowledge and a lot of things. Therefore, it also helps them in learning how to manage their money. 

In contrast, part-time jobs can sometimes harm college students in case they cannot manage their time between work and study. Many students can be too concentrated in working that they do not give attention to class and grade in university. But if college students can overcome it, they will be very strong in working environment."
"Some college students are wondering if they should have a part-time job or not. In my opinion, the answer varies from individual to individual.

On the one hand, doing part-time jobs can help them compensate their families. They can also utilize their salary to satisfy their demands for delicious food and nice clothes. For example, an average college student gets five million VND for one month. They have to use that amount of money to pay rent, pay for public transportation and food. They hardly purchase new clothes or cosmetics with that humble amount of money, especially for those who live in big cities. Therefore, doing a part-time job can help them satisfy themselves. Moreover, it is advisable to gain experience from doing something relating to their majors.

On the other hand, doing part-time can lead to bad results at school. If they spend too much time and effort on a part-time job, this can result in lack of sleep hours which make them less concentrate on lessons. Additionally, nowadays many universities support poor students with scholarships that help them pay more attention to studying.

In conclusion, doing part-time during university has both pros and cons. Therefore, it depends on college students' circumstances to decide whether or not to have part-time jobs.
"
"There is a statement that " It is important for college students to have a part time job". I partly agree with this statement because of the following reasons.

We cannot deny that students who have part-time jobs are really responsible because they need to complete their tasks in their jobs. For example, students who have part-time jobs as content creators need to submit their work before the deadlines. So, this helps them a lot in managing time.

Secondly, college students will have their own money from their jobs. They can use that money for shopping or paying for their payment at their schools. For instance, students can use money they receive from their jobs to buy some online classes about soft skills, which help them a lot.

Additionally, having a part-time job, students can have more relationships and their communication skills are improved. For example, at work, they can meet and connect easily with new people who have the same interests and majors as them. Furthermore, they may meet and communicate with their customers from their organizations very often. So, their communication is very well.

However, having part-time jobs, some of them may not focus on their studies. They need to both work and study, it may lead to a lack of sleeping because of the deadlines from their schools and their work. For instance, some students work in the evening and they still need to do their homework. So, the next morning, they fall asleep in their classes. When they are tired, they prefer to quit school or take a gap year.

In conclusion, there are both positive and negative sides of part-time jobs. Students can have some good skills like managing time, earning money, and communication skills. But it also makes them tired and they may quit studying."
"Many college students choose to work a part-time job while studying. Personally, I strongly believe that having a part-time job is a significant benefit for college students. This essay will show the importance for college students to have a part-time job.

To begin with, having a part-time job brings many advantages. One of the most benefits is that it teaches students responsibility. They learn how to manage time, money and work under pressure. For instance, when college students have to balance classes, assignments and work hours, they learn to manage their time effectively. This ability will help them well in their future careers. 

Additionally, having a job helps college students gain valuable work experience.  Employers often prefer candidates with experience, so working early can be an advantage in the future. 

Moreover, part-time jobs can help college students achieve financial independence by earning money. For instance, many students face a rise in tuition, so when they work a part-time job, they can pay for their cost of course, then they can focus on studies instead of worrying about money and allow students to cover personal expenses, reducing financial stress on their families. 

In conclusion, working a part-time job is important for college students during their study. It can help college students develop management skills and gain experience while working a part-time job. But it also helps with financial independence. Therefore, I advocate that college students should work a part-time job because it will be a more successful way in the future. 

"
"As we are living in a fast-paced environment with technology being updated constantly, individuals renewing themselves should be the main priority. Building on to that, I think having an occupation for students in college is very crucial since it is a chance for people to learn and develop.

First and foremost, experimenting in a working environment before graduating from university will give students various experiences for future careers. For instance, choosing a part-time job closely related to your career path will give tons of opportunities to furnish your skills in that area. If students didn't choose to have a part-time job early, it would be a lot harder for them to adapt to a brand-new environment.

Secondly, trying out early in the competitive workspace is a great chance for people to learn more about their strengths and weaknesses. Keeping that in mind, a part-time job can be considered as a chance for students to know more about themselves. Moreover, from that, they can adjust their future job decisions if the occupation doesn't suit them as it seems. For example, a colleague having a major related to economics doesn't have to work exactly in that field, as experiences hold a major factor to determine a person's job.

In conclusion, college students ought to find a part-time job as this will surely benefit their future careers."
"As we are living in a fast-paced environment with technology being updated constantly, individuals renewing themselves should be the main priority. Building on to that, I think having an occupation for students in college is very crucial since it is a chance for people to learn and develop.

"           College students nowadays have to face many problems in a new environment of the university and one of them is financial. Therefore, having a part-time job is beneficial for students due to 3 reasons, which are financial independence, gaining time management skills, and valuable work experience.

            First of all, college students can have their own money that can be spent for books, food and drinks, shopping, and transportation. This reduces the financial burden and the pressure on the family, parents will feel proud of their children so family affection increasingly connected. For example, a student whose parents have to borrow money to pay for tuition works part-time as a waiter, and he can save money for living expenses.

             Besides, balancing work and study teaches students how to manage their time reasonably. They will know how to prioritize many tasks so their responsibility and discipline can be encouraged. For instance, a student who has a 4-hour  job can easily plan her schedules effectively. Then her study results can be better than when she has no plan.
              
              Finally, in working place, college students can learn a lot of things even the small one and they can achieve practical skills that relevant to future career. In addition, a part-time job helps them build a strong CV and get the impression from employers. Let's take a business student as an example, being hired in an environment compatible with the major he is studying at the university will give him experience that he will need when graduating.

              In conclusion, when students in college having a part-time job is very beneficial for them in both present and future. Not only helps them have financial independence, but also improving their time management skill or gaining work experience."
"In today's world, many university students take on part-time jobs while pursuing their education. Some people believe that students should focus solely on their studies, while others argue that working part-time provides some benefits. I strongly agree that having a part-time job is important for college students, as it helps them develop essential life skills and achieve financial independence.

First, part-time jobs can help students develop important life skills such as time management, responsibility, and communication. Additionally, balancing work and studies helps student learn how to prioritize tasks and manage their time more effectively. They can also learn to take responsibility for their duties, such as meeting deadlines or interacting with different people in a professional setting. These skills are super essential for their future careers and personal growth.

Moreover, a part-time job provides financial support and reduces the burden on students and their families. It is undeniable that college fees can be expensive, and having a source of income helps students cover their tuition fees, books, and personal expenses. Financial independence also teaches students the value of money and how to manage their budget wisely, which prepares them for future financial plan.

In conclusion, I strongly agree that having a part-time job is a useful experience that every college student should have especially when they need some financial support and more experiences for their university life. 
"
"In recent years, there is an opinion are trending on social media that It is important for college students to have a part-time job. I think I slightly disagree with this view. 

For me, having a part-time job should be optional because the most important responsibility of college students is studying. If they focus on part-time jobs, they may ignore tasks at university. They haven't much time to complete homework, presentation and read books, so their marks could be low. The workload of universities is too much and complex so that it is required for students to spend more time gaining knowledge, prepare soft and hard skills, and conduct some science research to make their portfolio better than others. 

On the other hand, I think college students should spend time applying to university clubs about their major. It is essential if they have specific experience because market labor is seen a fast change day to day. Sometimes the part-time jobs can help them expand the monthly budget without their major experience. Joining the club can bring them more major knowledge. When they graduate, they may take more time to find jobs to get experience. The student that gets part-time job also may not be as appreciated as the student getting specific experience by joining clubs associated with their major. 

These are my view about the topic "It is important for college students to have a part-time job." I disagree with this opinion because I think students should spend more time studying at school, gain major knowledge by joining university clubs."
"Nowadays, there are many arguments between the advantages and disadvantages of part-time jobs. I agree that there are many risks for students if they spend half of the day working instead of studying. However, in my opinion, I strongly agree with that part-time jobs are still important for college students. 

Firstly, part-time jobs are opportunities for students to understand deeply the real experiences after the college path. They went to school because they wanted to get useful knowledge and skills for working. It would lead to the phenomenon that many students care about learning only. Therefore, they don't have social skills such as communication, negotiation, finding job, etc.

Secondly, I believe that students can earn a little money for their college path. Many students have a difficult condition, so it's pretty good to share the burden of the tuition fee with their families.

Lastly, a part-time job environment is a good place to make more quality relationships. These days, many companies don't want to pay a large amount of money for hiring; instead, they can ask their employees whether they know someone who is suitable for that position. If students know correctly how to make friends with older people, they will have chances to be introduced by those ones. 

In conclusion, it's important for college students to have part-time jobs because if you choose carefully, you will receive more benefits than you can think. "
"Opinions are divided on whether college students should acquire a part-time job. Some argue that this creates opportunities for students to be financially independent and gain experience, while others think that this can distract time from their studies. However, I firmly believe that having a part-time job is essential for college students.

Admittedly, working part-time can be challenging. For instance, students have to balance between working and maintaining good performance at school. With the heavy workload of tertiary education, it can be overstimulating to most students, leading to negative impacts on physical and mental health. In some cases, students drop out of universities because they value their work more. This can be harmful to the futures of students if they don't receive proper guidance and advice.

However, I think that the benefits can outweigh the disadvantages. Firstly, working part-time can help students gain valuable experiences, as they are shaped into working under stress and building knowledge off the field they are working. There are a vast variety of positions that they can choose as a part-timer and this can later on give them more insights about work life that schools do not teach. Moreover, being under constant productivity can also be beneficial. Although a large body of students experience stress from trying battling between constant working and studying, over time they can overcome their struggles and build their endurance. Both of the aforementioned benefits can give them a headstart compared to others, making them a powerful competitor in job-finding after graduation.

In conclusion, I strongly believe that taking on part-time employment is a worthwhile endeavor for college students. By learning to navigate workplace demands and developing essential skills, students can prepare for their future careers and become more competitive in the job market. 
"
"In this age, people can see that part-time jobs for college students is the popular trend. Many arguments about this phenomenon have been mentioned with 2 different directions, including approval of disclaim. This essay will obviously analyze and claim some specific opinion for this problem. 

First and foremost, there is no denying the many benefits of having a part-time job early. Many individuals in 1st year at university choose the way to find a part-time job for improving financial problems, even supporting the family background. Moreover, having a part-time job is one of the best ways to enhance skills, get more experience in many aspects or attach, reach some new fields that they have never tried before. A job can create a huge resource of motivation for university students to be more independent, have the path to connect with the community and get quality relationship opportunities. 

On the other hand, college students will get a lot of obstacles in time management because of the overwhelming order of the daily calendar. From that point, the learning results can be decreased and affected seriously in the studying process. None of these, they can get more trapped in the society, where they did not have many experiments to solve problem situations. It means some bad people can use this weakness of college students to rob money or do something for their own benefits. 

In conclusion, this problem is a two-edged sword for society nowaday. From my perspective, I think college students should spend more time focusing on studying at school for the first time, not rush in the process of making money, and prepare for themselves a foundation of knowledge and experiences before going outside to join the workforce market. 
"
"It has always been controversial whether college students should have a part-time job besides their study. I will discuss the pros and cons and give my own perspective below. 

On the one hand. When students graduate from high school and go to college, it changes not only from their living expenses but also the environment. There has a rise from the college tuition due to the facilities and teaching methods. 

Furthermore, college students have to live on their own,  they have to balance their living expenses such as: transportation fees, learning material fees. In some cases, it is normal for students with a good financial background but if they're not, they have to get part-time jobs to support them when they receive short budgets from their parents. Having part-time jobs when they are studying college will give them the opportunity to gain new experiences.

On the other hand, college students should focus on their study in the college program due to the fact that the college program is complex and more difficult when compared to the high school educational program. It requires them to have lots of time for self-learning and researching. Secondly, getting part-time jobs when they study may get them overloaded and burned out. In addition, it is such a waste of time when they work in a different field which is irrelevant to their major in school. 

From my perspective, I believe that college students should dedicate most of their time to studying in school and later on, they can get a part-time job or internship related to their career. It allows them to turn knowledge into practice and opens up their circle of relationships in their jobs. "
"It is believed that part-time jobs are considered crucial to college students. I partly agree with the statement.

On the one hand, working part-time can help students grow better. First and foremost, students can gain practical knowledge and experiences through a part-time job. This is supported by the fact that when working in any environment, such students are required to apply not only their academic skills into real life situations but also use soft skills to deal with unexpected problems. As a result, through experiencing and solving many situations in life, their skills can be greatly enhanced in many ways. Moreover, having a part-time job also equals having an income. This source of money allows college students to pay for their basic needs and even help their parents with financial problems, which will teach students how to manage their finances properly. 

On the other hand, college students are not necessarily required to have a part-time job. One main reason for this is because it can distract them from their studies. For instance, when a college student spends too much time working and gets caught up in their job, they will not have the time and effort to concentrate on school's work. Therefore, their academic performance will get worse after time, which can cause such students to feel less motivated to keep up with their studies. Furthermore, working for a part-time job can be extremely stressful since students have to take care of their studies and their career at the same time. Instead, students should focus more on their studies and prepare for their profession before entering the workforce.

In conclusion, working part-time jobs can benefit students in some ways, but I firmly believe that it is not as important as their studies."
"It is said that students, especially college students now have to worry about their financial problems, which come from tuition fees, living expenses, or money to rent an apartment where they can stay and benefit from the its shortened distance from colleges and universities. I agree with the idea that it is important for college students to have a part-time job to some extent.

People living around college students, which are their relatives, parents, friends, … usually put a certain pressure on them. By telling something with the intention to remind them of finding a job so that they can help their parents. Earning money from a part-time job is a good thing to do, it is a temporary solution to help students solving some issues about money in their daily lives. 

However, that is the case if you can manage time and make sure that your jobs do not make you waste time. The important purpose of students entering a school or university is to gain knowledge about their majors, or something related to their main job in the future. That is the reason why they should determine their own goals from the beginning before taking other part-time jobs. Otherwise, they will waste time, which is supposed to be used for a more important goal, just to earn money to eating snacks and hanging out with friends. 

In conclusion, students have the choice of choosing jobs which are fit to their studying schedule. An appropriate wage will help them deal with small expenses in their life such as bus fees, sometimes meals and make parents happy. "
"Many believe that working part-time is essential for university students. However, I disagree with this viewpoint. While having a job may provide financial support and experience, there are more crucial aspects of student life and alternative ways exist to earn extra money without affecting academic performance.

On the one hand, part-time jobs offer valuable chances for personal growth, help students develop practical skills such as time management, self-confidence and teamwork. These skills might be beneficial for their future careers as employers often prefer candidates with working experience. Furthermore, earning an income allow students to cover personal expenses, reducing their financial dependence on their families. Some students can even gain responsibility and raise their independence when managing their own finances.

Despite certain benefits, I believe that having a part-time job is not necessary and may interfere with students' education. Firstly, university studies require full attention and the projects are often extreme, so working part-time could lead to exhaustion and reduced academic performance. For instance, students who work late-night shifts can struggle to stay focus in class or complete their assignments on time. Secondly, there are better alternatives to earn money, such as scholarships and grants, which allow students to enhance their knowledge and receive financial support without sacrificing their studies. Lastly, university should not be just about studying and working as students can engage in extracurricular activities, internships and social events that contribute to their personal and professional growth.

In conclusion, while part-time jobs can be beneficial, they are not essential for college students. Prioritizing education, seeking financial aid and participating in other active, meaningful activities are more effective ways to prepare for the future. Instead of focusing on short-term financial gain, students should invest their time in building a strong academic foundation and developing important life skills."
"Nowadays, some think that college students should have a part-time job to make ends meet. I totally agree with this viewpoint, and I believe that it is important and beneficial for them to have an income.

In terms of doing for living, college students can do many part-time jobs such as teaching tutor, waiter, selling handmade products. It not only helps them to accumulate experiences but also enhance their living standards. For example, a freshman tries to sell a mechandise, they can gain more knowledge about how to negotiate with clients, deal prices with vendors, and learn how to manage and distribute their budgets when needed.

Moreover, through doing part-time jobs, university students can have money for paying their school fees and living cost, which is a big problem when they live in an energetic city.  Therefore, they will not be depressed, worried by not having enough money, in the long run, this can enhance their emotional health. Importantly, doing part-time jobs will save them a lot of money, so when college students in an emergency they still have savings to face their problems.

In conclusion, having a part-time job is very essential for college students that can affect the way they live and their personal perspective in many aspects. 
 "
"In this day and age, it is common for undergraduates to have a part-time job besides studying at school. I believe this phenomenon is beneficial for the young generation, although it does bring some significant drawbacks.

On the one hand, I strongly support the idea of having a part-time job while studying college. Firstly, it helps teenagers to become more mature, more empathy, more emotional intelligence. Also, interacting with many kinds of people helps them know how to communicate in public, flexibly handle unpredicted situations, ... Secondly, having a job helps students with their living spending, study fees, or personal costs. To students' families who are poor, this is a large support on education path. In some remote areas, many families who can't afford the educational fee force their children to become a farmer, or help with the family business. 

On the other hand, part-time jobs do not always come with good consequences. A common situation is that teenagers are too focused on making a living, spending all their time working, which result in bad marks at school, then they have to restudy. It's even worse when undergraduates can earn a lot from their jobs, they start to find studying boring, time-consuming and finally quit their school. On social media, the young generation is informed a lot about influencers, famous people who succeeded after quitting school, but life is not always easy like that, there are many people who failed and have to do hard labor jobs for the rest of their life, so this is not to recommended.

In conclusion, I think having a part-time job when studying college is beneficial, but students need to balance with work and studying, in order to gain benefits from both."
"These days, some individuals suppose that having a part-time job is important for college students. In my opinion, I agree with the above statement that students should do a part-time job when they still study at the university. 

There are many reasons why a part-time job is important for students to do besides their studying and participating in other activities at college. Firstly, college students can make some bucket money for their basic demands such as food, beverage, entertainment, ... or even their rent cost. They can pay for their living costs without asking money from their parents, which is also the way that they can support their family's finances. 

Secondly, students will learn how to manage and spend money effectively. Part-time jobs will help them to understand how difficult money is made. Therefore, they will appreciate more about the value of the money and find a way to manage it effectively in order not to waste their time and effort. 

Thirdly, they also learn a lot of soft skills such as time management, communication skills or the ability to find the solutions to sudden situations through the period of doing part-time jobs. These soft skills are not often taught at school by teachers, but they can acquire these skills much easier through practicing while doing part-time jobs.  

In conclusion, I totally agree with the opinion that it is crucial for college students to do a part-time job due to a lot of benefits that they can gain from doing this work such as bucket money, financial management and soft skills. "
"In my opinion, students do not necessarily have a part-time job. The following essay sheds light to the reasons for this statement.

Initially, a part-time job may affect their study at college. Not many people can multitask, which also means they hardly do well both their schoolwork and their part-time job. This can lead to a consequence where they feel so guilty and depressed for not having high scores at school that they start to neglect their part-time job, or vice versa. Moreover, joining the workforce too soon may leave a bad impact on them, because not all working environments are healthy enough for college students to participate in.

On the other hand, the benefits of a part-time job to college students are undeniable. They could make an income to support their family's financial situation. They could also gain more experience, knowledge and skills while working. Additionally, part-time jobs provide them the potential for after-college employment so that they will know sooner where they aim their life to.

In conclusion, college students should be encouraged to get a part-time job if they have a need to develop themselves or to earn some extra money. However, there is no issue if they want to concentrate on their study first."
"In this modern life, earning money accidentally becomes main purpose in most families. Therefore, some college students try to get some part-time job besides their education journey in order to help their parents. There are some opinions that it is important to do part-time jobs during college students' studying time, however, I strongly disagree with their own thoughts because of the importance of education and ineffective time management.
 
Firstly, accumulating knowledge in this competitive world is strongly more important. Living in the world with improvements of technology, digital work, etc., people, especially young people are required different knowledge from many aspects. Therefore, studying effectively and hardworking in college is the first step in achievements of good job journey. Secondly, having part-time job without effective time management may lead to the bad health of college students. In some cases, earning the first own money brings many happiness for students and it encourages them to continue working. Therefore, students may fill full their free time for doing part-time and do not spend time studying or taking care of their health and family. Some students cannot have enough time just to sleep and refresh their mind to gain new interesting knowledge.

On the other hand, college students also gain new skills, such as communication, problem solving, etc. through their working. These skills are also important in all their life.

In conclusion, I believe that it is not important to do part-time jobs during studying time at college. Their healthcare and new knowledge should be more noticeable. Besides, students could still improve well with part-time jobs if they had good skills in management and part-time job should be found after they adapted with styles of teaching or studying in college."
"In the modern world with more advanced technology, it becomes harder for students to have a dream job as the labor market demands a variety of skills from employees. Therefore, I agree with the statement that it is crucial for college students to have a part-time job. 

One important reason is enhancing some soft skills for students. When they have a chance to get a part-time job, they will know how to manage their time, balance their study and their job. It will boost their time management skills which many companies need from their employees. It is quite hard to do both things in the best way, so if they can do that, they might be a potential person for some company.  

Another reason is that it will also improve students' knowledge. If they apply for a job that is relative to their future job, they will have more opportunities to use their knowledge which they learned at college in real life. They may be aware of their mistakes through working, so they have experience might fix it in the future. For example, one student studied hotel management and he used to be a waiter at a restaurant. So he probably applied his experience in hotel management and it is his own strength in this field.

In conclusion, going to have a part-time job gives more benefits for college students in the future. It improves them from the soft skill to the hard one."
"Nowadays, there is a trend showing that college or university students look for a part-time job to earn money themselves. And I support them to have a part-time job. This essay will show the reasons why.

On the one hand, doing a part-time job after school can have some drawbacks. Firstly, it distracts students from studying. To be more specific, when students are addicted to work, they might not spend enough time on their academic study such as self-learning, self-researching, etc. Consequently, their results might not be good, which affects their emotions so well and somehow makes them disappointed. Besides, having a part-time job might have bad result in a long-term. For example, if students work part-time, there are few jobs that are related to their major, so they might forget a lot of knowledge about their major.

On the other hand, it seems to me that a part-time job has some advantages. Firstly, it helps students satisfy with their life. For example, college students can have more money to do what they love without asking their parents, sometimes they are no longer finance burden for their family. In addition, part-time job makes their lives more exciting! To be clearer, when they have free time, instead of playing computer games, they can go outside and work, which brings them a profusion of soft-skills that are important to their future.

In conclusion, although there are some disadvantages of doing part-time job, I extremely believe that the advantages discussed above outweigh the disadvantages, so I support the idea "It is important for college students to have a part-time job."
"In these days and age, many teenagers are seeking for part-time jobs and considering them as an important thing in their life. From my point of view, it is essential for university students to have a part-time job due to several reasons.  

First of all, college students are able to earn money by themselves. It is clear to see that students can reduce their family financial burden and have an ability to pay for whatever they want instead of borrowing their parents' money. Take Meichan, a famous Vietnamese KOL, as a good example. She made a living by creating a TikTok and YouTube channel about learning, beauty and fashion while she was studying at Yonsei University. By the money that she owned from that part-time job, she could pay for her life in Korea.

Secondly, having a part-time job can make students to be more and more independent,  they will have a chance to know how to spend and saving money effectively. For example, when we buy something that is not by our money, we usually buy some stuffs that sometimes we do not need to use. But if we buy by ours, we will consider things more and more carefully before buying them because we tend to feel regret after spending money. 

To sum up, I totally agree that having a part-time job is vital for many university students."
"Part-time jobs are believed to be an essential part for college students since they allow students to make some money supporting their daily expenses. However, as there are numerous ways for students to develop themselves during college, I strongly disagree with the previous statement.

To begin with, anyone having the opportunity to study at a college should not be learning solely from classes themselves, but rather, they should perceive university as a period of time in which they get access to many other perspectives, study materials and most importantly, opportunities. Therefore, if one's desire is self-development, there will be countless possibilities rather than taking a part-time job. Often, part-time jobs are irrelevant to the major of most of the students, which indicates that they might only spend time to exchange for money, and do not gain any valuable experience for their future career. As for alternatives, students can join a club, participate in scientific research, or simply work on their own project which will garuantee to improve not only their academic level, but also enhance their relationships with other peers.

Moreover, if one's purpose is to make some money to cover some expenses, it will be much more optimal for them to aim for scholarships or conduct projects that are within the school's preference. The majority of part-time jobs do not provide as much money for students, consequently, they end up only making enough for few expenses. While the scholarships, in the other hand, can potentially provide them not only school fees, but also other expenses if they apply for many more.

In conclusion, taking a part-time job can be a way for students to make some money, it is definitely not the most optimal way to improve themselves nor marginally covering expenses."
"Nowadays, college students tend to find a part-time job to help their parents with school fees and develop their living standards. In my opinion, I completely agree with that statement and I believe that it could help students improve their life a lot.

On the one hand, jobs that aren't permanent could make student earn money so that they can pay for their daily costs without receiving it from their parents. It's noticed that university fee today is higher and most families feel quite hard for paying it, especially households that live in rural or remote area because living costs between countrysides and cities are different. Therefore, if student choose to have a part-time job, they could help their parents and enhance their living standards.

In addition, part-time jobs could bring some chances to develop students's skill such as communication skills, writing skills, so on. They have flexible time so that they could work in convenience stores, shops or in some restaurants that requires pratical skills. Other students choose to be a tour guide so that they can improve their English skills through talking with foreigners.

In conclusion, the fact that college students choose to have a part-time job is common and I think that's a good trend because they not only earn money to develop their life but also enhance their skills."
"Many people say that it is crucial for college students to take up part-time jobs besides their studying. From my point of view, I agree with this trend for the following reasons.

To begin with, some opponents might argue that having part-time jobs can negatively affect students in various aspects. This is because some kinds of work require employees to spend a substantial amount of time at stores, or even work overnight. If students take these jobs, not only will their physical and mental health deteriorate but also their academic performance will suffer. However, this line of reasoning is not sound becausse  there are other jobs, namely English tutors or online sales, allow students to flexibly adjust their schedules and balance their time between studying and working.

On the other hand, there are good reasons for students to start working. One of the most obvious perks is that they can save up money for their university expenses including tuition fee, house rent and etc, lessening their family's financial burden. Moreover, when taking part-time work, students can understand how hard it is to earn money, probably motivating them to work harder at schools. College students are also able accumulate valuable knowledge and experience when taking jobs, which will come in handy in their future pursuits. For example, an English teaching assistant can improve both their language and communication skills when teaching their students, helping them to gain proficiency in this language and hone their interpersonal abilities. 

In conclusion, despite some drawbacks, part-time jobs are still of great importance for university students thanks to their financial support, incentives to study and helpful working experience.  
"
"I both agree and disagree with the statement as the essay shows my point of view.

On the one hand, some college students should have a part-time job because of several reasons. Firstly, there are some students who find university a good place for them to study, but they also find that the price for learning knowledge in that school is extremely high, higher than their cost of living before going to college. Therefore, they need to get a part-time job to get money to pay for their living and studying at colleges. Furthermore, through part-time jobs, students can get in contact with the real world, make relationships with co-workers, get some experience. Consequently, young people can get a good sight of seeing how society works and make themselves have more critical thinking about any problems that is happening in the world.

On the other hand, there are some reasons that college students should not have a part-time job. The most important thing for students when they get into a college is study. Therefore, they must study hard to reach good results and get a high-rate degree that makes employees impressed when employees need good students from the colleges. Or if they study hard, they not only get good marks, but they also get some support from their teachers who have good relationships in order to get a high-paid job easier. As a result, students should not take part-time jobs to get more time to study to get good results that determine their future life.

To conclude, there are some aspects that show why students should have part-time jobs or not. It depends on the reason whether they need the money or not while studying in colleges."
"There is a school of thought that it is of vital significance for college students to have a part–time job besides studies. Personally, I wholeheartedly agree with this given viewpoint due to its numerous glaring benefits to student's lives.

By having a golden chance to work part-time, college students may have the ability to enhance their vital soft skills for their career in the future. This is because they would have a face-to-face interaction with customers, colleagues or also employers about workload in their own working environment. For example, when a university student applies for the position of teaching assistant in an English center, he/ she can sharpen some soft skills like class management and communication skills when they teach in the class or when they have a talk with their colleagues, employers or pupils' parents. As a result, it would act as a springboard for college students to gain more experience and confidence in communication and working life when graduating from university and also getting well prepared for landing a steady job in the near future.
 
Last but not least, this activity can be seen as a small source of income for college students. Some university students will feel happy and satisfied because they can earn little money and then buy necessities to meet their basic demands. This will lead to an independent college student's life as they can strike a balance between studying and working, which is of utmost importance in this day and age.
 
In conclusion, I fully agree with the viewpoint that it is advisable for college students to have a part-time job due to its plus points mentioned above.
 
 
 "
"I disagree with the statement that students should have a part-time job, especially if the job is not related to their studies at college. 

While making money on the side can help them and their family's financial situation, the main purpose of going to college is to study at advanced levels to help them get better job opportunities and occupations. Working part-time can lead them astray from the importance of acquiring knowledge at college.

Not everyone is a genius to the point of not needing to study and still get good grades. College students need time to research and understand the study materials on their own. Having a part-time job can take up a lot of their time that could have been spent on studying a subject. And a subject in college and university is as challenging as another. A student must have good time management skills in order to cope with the study and the working hours as a part-time employee. There are even cases where students voluntarily skip classes in order to work elsewhere, furthermore reducing time for academic work and even receiving lower grades in class.

Having a part-time job unrelated to the major that the college students are studying is rarely beneficial in terms of essential knowledge and skills for their future occupation. I can't imagine myself being a restaurant server and gaining knowledge for the E-Commerce major that I'm dedicated to."
"In this day and age, many people who are currently college students tend to try to make money as soon as possible. They may find a job to do in their free time, and even tell their friends that it is necessary to do so. In contrast, many other students think that they should focus on their major first, and finding a job so soon is just a waste of time. In this passage, we will discuss both views.

On the one hand, many college students find that working and studying at the same time is crucial. Having a job early could help them gain experience and knowledge for their future career, which is a big benefit. Moreover, the thinking of making money is extremely appeal for the young, as they could buy stuffs with their own money and support their family. 

On the other hand, some people reckon that concentrating on their study is more important. Finding a part-time job may help you to gain experience for your career if only you working at the right place, doing the right work. Jobs such as waiter would not give you any knowledge about what you are studying, and you can only gain life skills from them. Instead, spend time improving yourself, getting more achievement which is essential for your CV. 

In conclusion, students have different views on whether they should get a job when they are still in university. Both views have its advantages and disadvantages, and the choices should be based on their major and free time. "
"
On one hand, a thing that attracts my attention is personal success. To begin with, it is undeniable that dabbling in part-time jobs enables one to meet many people. The more contacts people establish, the more their social network is expanded. This makes it certain that they receive support from others. As a consequence, their tasks are bound to be accomplished at a smooth pace. Such unimpeded progress stands a great chance of bringing achievements to their creator. Also notable is how taking on a part time occupation facilitates competition. It is, undoubtedly, a great source of motivation for students to be pitted against their coworrkers. With powerful encouragement like so, it goes without saying that college students feel strong devotion to their work. Their efficiency are thereby massively increased. Therefore, the possibility of them accomplishing great deeds in all their pursuits is solidly set in stone. Truly, doing a part-time jobs primes college students for success.

On the other hand, an oft-quoted opposing idea is that doing many jobs entail unbearable risks. Therefore, it is guaranteed to make people experience personal collapse. However, it has little basis in reality. Switching between jobs are almost always attempted with prior carefully crafted plans. These ensure that all aspects of the venture are tightly controlled. With such attention, it is a given that risks never go beyond workable limits. Another often overlooked point is that even if large risks do exist, they push students into various different situations. This serves the purpose of widening their background, giving them the intellectual depth needed to assess their positives and negatives. As a result of this reflection, their self-improvement is considerably accelerated, and they are bound to achieve greater things. This means that changing from one job to another is of great assistance to succeeding in life. Truly, to believe that job switching carries insurmountable risks and is detrimental to success is an one-way ticket to an early grave.
"
"Nowadays, many college students prioritize part-time jobs over their studies. They believe working can help them gaining more experience for their real job than sitting in class. I partly agree with this statement and I will share my view in this essay. 
First and foremost, today's companies require a wide range of skills from young people. Working part-time jobs can provide many benefits, including social skills, time management skills, and budget management. These are unique skills that they cannot acquire during their college education. According to recent research, people who worked part-time while in college are more likely to find permanent employment than those who did not work part-time. In addition, college students make their own money. Similarly, they can pay for their own rent, tuition, and living expenses. As a result, having part-time jobs must provide additional experience from society. 
On the other hand,  part-time job working can distract to their study. For starters, students should seek employment after graduating from college. In fact, working part-time jobs may deplete young people's physical energy. Admittedly, they may find it difficult to focus on their studies in college. For example, if they work in hospitality, they will become tired and experience mental stress. As a result, college students should focus on their ability to learn and prepare to find suitable jobs after graduating from universities.
 To sum up, despite the disadvantages of working part-time, I believe that students should work part-time jobs. This is because it can provide students with a wide range of valuable experiences and skills over an extended period of time."
"Personally, I think It is important for college students to have a part-time job because they can earn more advantages for their own life. They can learn How to Manage their time and get more work experience, They can broad their relation network. In this essay I will tell you my thesis to support this idea.
Firstly, the students work part-time jobs and take their time. They will arrange between their jobs and college schedule when they spend too much time to work may be causing missing the time in the class and they will get bad score. For Example, When I was a fresh man I get a staff at hadilao restaurant. In the beginning time, It so convenient with me to work and study but when I spend more time to working and getting a higher wage so I missed many lesson in class. As a result, I got a bad score you know so It will efficiently with many people to get the arranged time lesson.
Additionally, part-time jobs can serve as a platform for networking. Students often meet mentors and industry professionals who can provide guidance and potentially open doors to future career opportunities. This networking can be instrumental in securing internships or jobs post-graduation.
In conclusion, while part-time jobs can offer numerous benefits to college students, they are not without their challenges. It is essential for students to carefully assess their individual circumstances, such as their course load and financial needs, and decide whether a part-time job aligns with their academic and personal goals. Ultimately, the decision should be made with a long-term perspective, considering how the experience might contribute to their future career and personal development.

"
"Working part-time is considered to bring several drawbacks to students who pursue their college education. Nevertheless, I strongly agree with the statement that having a part-time job in colleges is vital for students due to these following benefits which are over its disadvantages.
Firstly, the fundamental advantage that college students can have during part time job is the opportunity to learn multiple skills. Apparently, academic knowledge is not enough to prepare for a future career, so some essential skills such as soft or communication skills are a must for university learners. Doing a part-time job in different fields, for example, can teaches studentd different time-management skills to keep balance between work and study and complete every task under pressure. These real-time work experiences that you cannot find in school lectures are truly precious.
Secondly, college students can earn extra money by working part-time. Obviously, the cash gained from these jobs can not only afford the students’ daily needs but also help to lessen their family’s financial burden with education expenses. For example, if the income of a college student from a part-time job is around two to  million dong per month, their parents will feel relief because the expenditure is now reduced.
In conclusion, despite some drawbacks of doing part-time jobs such as being distracted from schoolwork or facing health problems, I still believe that college students should work part-time because the experiences brought will absolutely be beneficial to their future careers "
"

I strongly agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Having a part-time job offers many benefits beyond just earning extra money. It helps students develop essential life skills such as time management, responsibility, and communication. These are qualities that will be useful not only during college but also in future careers.

Working part-time can also give students valuable work experience. In today’s competitive job market, employers often look for candidates who already have some practical experience. A part-time job, even in a field unrelated to a student’s major, can teach teamwork, customer service, and problem-solving. These are transferable skills that can give students an edge after graduation.

Moreover, having a job can help students become more independent. They learn to manage their own finances and understand the value of money. This can reduce the financial burden on their families and encourage a sense of personal responsibility.

Of course, students must learn to balance work and study. Working too many hours might harm their academic performance. However, if managed wisely, a part-time job can be a valuable part of a student’s college experience.

In conclusion, part-time jobs are important for college students. They provide income, real-world experience, and personal growth opportunities. I believe the benefits clearly outweigh the drawbacks.
"
"I strongly believe that taking on a part-time job while at college is a smart move for most students. First of all, a small paycheck helps cover rent, groceries or even that ever-climbing tuition bill. When money is tight at home, doing a few shifts eases the pressure on Mum and Dad and on the student.

Second, real work teaches stuff you never see in a lecture. Serving customers at the campus cafe, shelving books at the library or typing invoices in a small office shows how to talk to strangers, juggle deadlines and fix sudden glitches. Those everyday skills shine on a resume and matter far more than some employers will admit.

That said, students need to keep an eye on the clock. If too many shifts pile up grades can slip, sleep can vanish and that hard-earned paycheck suddenly buys stress. Picking a gig that bends around classes, not the other way around, is by far the best plan.

So yes, I stand by the idea that part-time work is a good thing, provided students guard their study time as carefully as their paystub."
"I think college student should have a part-time job. It is good for them in many way. First, part-time job help them earn money. Many student don’t have enogh money for daily life, like food, rent, or books. When they work, they can help themself and not need ask parents all the time.
Also, part-time job can help student learn new skill. For example, they can learn how to talk with customer, how to work in group, or how to be on time. These thing are very useful in future. Student can become more responssible when they have job. Some job also help student with their study. If someone study English, they can work as tutor or in language center. If they study IT, maybe they work in computer shop. This give them good experience before they finish school. But also, working too much is not good. If student work many hours, they feel tired and no time for study. So they must find balance between school and job.
In conclution, I agree that college student should do part-time job. It help them with money, skill, and experience. But they must be careful with time and not let it hurt their study."
"I strongly agree that having a part-time job is important for college students. While studying is the main focus, working part-time can bring many valuable experiences that help students grow both personally and professionally.

First of all, part-time jobs allow students to become more financially independent. Even if the income isn’t high, it can help cover basic expenses like food, books, or transportation. This reduces the burden on their families and teaches students how to manage money wisely, which is an essential life skill.

Second, part-time work helps students develop soft skills such as time management, communication, and teamwork. These are not always taught in classrooms but are highly valued in the workplace. Balancing a job and school also trains students to be more disciplined and responsible with their time.

Additionally, working in a real-world environment gives students a better idea of what kind of career they might want to pursue in the future. They may discover new interests or gain experience in a field related to their studies, which can be useful when applying for full-time jobs after graduation.

Of course, it's important that the job doesn’t interfere too much with their studies. But if managed properly, a part-time job can be an important part of a college student’s journey.

"
"In nowadays fast-pacing world, studying is the most important task. However, working part-time may bring about many useful benefits. Therefore, I agree that it is crucial for college students to have a part-time job. 

Firstly, working part-time helps students gain experience. This is very useful when they look for a full-time job in the future. Many companies require their employees to know how to work and solve problems, especially big corporation. Students who work part-time during their time at universities could learn important skills like managing time, talking to people, and working in a team.

Secondly, part-time jobs help students earn money. Some students have to pay for rent, food, or tuition fees on their own without financial support from parents. Having a part-time job is a great way to reduce the pressure on their families and also learn how to spend and save money wisely.

Also, part-time jobs help students understand what kind of work they want to persue in the future. For example, if a student works in a coffee shop, they might find out they enjoy working with people and want a job in customer service after they graduate.

However, students should not work too many hours. If they are exhausted from work, their studies will be affected negatively. It is important to find a balance between work and school.

In conclusion, I believe college students can gain more than lost from part-time jobs. These jobs help them become more confident and ready for the future.
"
"I strongly agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Having a part-time job brings many benefits, both personally and professionally.

First, part-time jobs help students become more independent. Instead of relying completely on their parents, they can earn their own money to cover daily expenses, buy books, or even pay part of their tuition. This teaches them how to manage money wisely, which is an important life skill. Second, working while studying helps students gain real-life experience. For example, a student working in a coffee shop learns how to serve customers, work under pressure, and cooperate with others. These soft skills are useful and can improve their future job prospects after graduation.

Moreover, part-time jobs can help students explore their interests. A student who enjoys writing might take a part-time job as a content creator or tutor. This gives them a chance to learn more about the field they love. Of course, students must balance work and study carefully. If not, a job might affect their academic performance. However, with good time management, a part-time job can be a great opportunity for growth.

In conclusion, having a part-time job during college is not only helpful, but also necessary for many students to develop skills and prepare for the future."
"I totally agree that students in college should have a part-time job. It provides students with financial support and teaches them valuable skills that will be of great benefit to their future employers when they finally join the social workforce.

First of all, part-time employment aids students in managing their finances. College expenses cover tuition, textbooks, and necessities. Through part-time employment, students can support their families and learn how to manage their finances. In my case, while I was working as an English teacher in college, I could afford my monthly rent and have some left for emergencies. Such financial independence promotes confidence in students and makes them more responsible.

Furthermore, part-time work provides students with experience and skills. Working on actual tasks in actual settings allows students to learn time management, teamwork, and communication. That is to say, these are things students cannot easily acquire in a classroom setting. A student who works in a shop, for instance, learns how to handle an unpleasant customer, which prepares them for future work difficulties.

In short, part-time jobs are greatly beneficial to students in universities. They enable students to earn their own money and acquire valuable skills for the future. While it is arguable that it is difficult to balance work and study, the advantages outweigh the disadvantages."
"I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are several reasons why part-time work benefits students during their time in university.
Firstly, part-time jobs help students become more financially independent. University life can be expensive, and having a job allows students to afford some of their daily expenses, such as food, transportation, or study materials. This reduces the financial burden on their families and helps students learn how to manage money wisely.
Secondly, working part-time helps students develop valuable skills. Time management, communication, teamwork, and problem-solving are essential skills that employers look for. Students can gain practical experience that will be useful after graduation. For example, a student who works in customer service can improve their confidence and communication, which can be helpful in any career.
Moreover, a part-time job gives students a better understanding of the real working environment. It prepares them for future full-time jobs and helps them decide what kind of work they enjoy or want to avoid.
However, students must be careful not to let a job interfere with their studies. If they choose the right number of working hours and balance their schedule, a part-time job can be a great advantage.
In conclusion, I believe having a part-time job is beneficial for college students. It not only provides financial support but also prepares them for the future. Nevertheless, students should learn how to balance between taking part in part-time and studying to avoid lower their grade.
"
"I think it’s important for college students to have a part-time job. It help them in many ways. First, they can learn how to spend time better. When a student work and study at the same time, they must know how to manage everything. It’s not easy but they will learn slowly.
Also, doing part-time job help students to get experience. In school, we only study from books. But when working outside, we meet real people and learn many new things. Like, if someone work in coffee shop, they know how to serve customer and be friendly.
Another reason is money, not all students have much money. If they work, they can buy things they need by themself and not ask parents too much. It make them feel more independent and proud.
However, some students maybe cannot focus on study if work too much. But I think if they know how to control, it’s still good to have a job. In the end, I believe students should try to have a part-time job because it’s useful and teach them many things for life."
"It might seem overwhelming to balance classes, a social life, and work but taking on a part-time job can actually be a big help. Not only do you earn extra money, you also pick up real-world habits and skills that you don’t get from lectures alone.

Give your calendar a workout. When your shift overlaps with a paper deadline, you learn pretty quickly how to carve out study blocks, say no to last-minute Netflix binges, and actually stick to a plan. That kind of discipline doesn’t just help you turn in assignments on time—it builds confidence and a quieter, steadier mind when life throws curveballs.

Money matters too. Even a few hours of work each week can save up a lot rent, groceries, and the never-ending list of textbooks. Suddenly, budgeting isn’t some abstract lesson; it’s your reality. Learning to stretch a paycheck across midterms and month-end bills means you’re less reliant on loans or parental bailouts—and that peace of mind pays dividends.

Moreover, there’s the honest-to-goodness work experience: dealing with customers, collaborating with teammates, or pitching ideas to a supervisor. Those everyday interactions sharpen your communication chops, turn “team player” from a buzzword into something genuine, and sometimes even open doors to internships or references down the road.

Nobody’s saying you should work every waking minute—burnout is real. But with some thoughtful scheduling, a part-time job can be more than a side hustle: it’s a training ground for adulthood, one that pays you back in lessons (and dollars) you’ll carry long after graduation."
"I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are many reasons why I agree with this idea.
First, part-time jobs help students earn money. Many students have to pay for food, books, clothes, and sometimes even tuition. If they have a job, they can support themselves and don’t need to ask money from their parents too much. It also makes them feel more independent.
Second, students can learn useful skills when they have a job. For example, they can learn how to work in team, how to speak with other people, and how to solve problem. These skills are not always taught in school, but they are very important in real life and future career.
Third, having a job help students to manage their time. If they work and study, they have to plan their schedule. It make them more responsible. I think this is a very good thing.
But, some students work too much and forget to study. This is not good. They should not choose job that take all of their time and energy. Studying is still the most important in college.
In conclusion, I believe part-time job is good for college students. It helps them earn money, learn new skills, and be more responsible. But they must know how to balance work and study to be successful in both.

"
"I agree that having a part-time job is important for college students. There are several reasons why I think this is beneficial for their development and future.

Firstly, a part-time job helps students become more independent. When students earn their own money, they learn how to manage it better and understand the value of hard work. For example, they might spend more carefully and learn to save for things they need, like books or a new laptop.

Secondly, working part-time gives students real-life experience. In university, students mostly learn theory, but working helps them build communication and teamwork skills. These skills are very useful when they apply for a job after graduation. Even simple jobs like working in a coffee shop can teach time management and responsibility.

However, I think it’s also important that part-time jobs do not take too much time. If students work too many hours, they may not have enough time to study or rest. Therefore, students should choose jobs that are flexible and allow them to focus on their main goal, which is studying.

In conclusion, having a part-time job can bring many advantages to college students. It teaches responsibility, money management, and important life skills. As long as they balance work and study, part-time jobs are a good idea for students.
"
"I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Working part-time brings many valuable benefits like gaining real-life experiences and having financial support. 
Firstly, part-time jobs offer students valuable life experiences beyond the classroom. When students work, they interact with people from different backgrounds, handle pressure, and face real challenges. These experiences help them grow mentally, improve their communication, and understand how society operates. For example, working in a coffee shop can teach students how to deal with difficult customers, teamwork with other staffs, and stay calm under pressure. This not only builds their endurance but also makes them more mature and socially aware.
Secondly, having a part-time job helps students with their money. College can be expensive, and not everyone has enough support from their family. Earning some money on their own can help pay for food, books, or other daily needs. Some students can even save money for future plans like traveling or joining a course they like. This makes their life easier and gives them more choices.

In conclusion, part-time jobs are good for college students. They offer useful experience and help students become more independent, both in life and with money."
First, I agree with this opinion. I think it is good idea for college student to have part time job. As a college students, they may face financial difficulties in paying their fee, covering their bill, so when they have a part time job, they can earn some money for pay their need like food, clothes, or even books for study. Many student now don’t come from rich family, so they need help themself. It make them more independent and don’t need to ask money from parent all the time.Also, when student have job, they can learn more skill like communicate with other people, be on time, and work hard. It help them prepare for future when they graduate and find full time job. Sometime, part time job can give them experience in the major they study, like a student study marketing can work in a shop and learn about customer. However, I think student should not work too much hour, because they still need time for study and do homework. If work too much, maybe they feel tired because of long time hour working and so on cannot focus in class. This can affect their study and their future. So it important to keep it balance between work and school.In conclusion, I agree that college student should have part time job, but only if they can manage their time good. It help them grow up and learn many thing important in life
"In today’s competitive world, many college students take on part-time jobs while studying. I strongly agree that having a part-time job is important, as it offers financial support, real-world experience, and personal growth.

Firstly, part-time jobs help students manage their expenses. With rising costs of tuition, books, and living, working part-time allows students to earn money, reduce their reliance on parents or loans, and learn how to budget—an essential life skill.

Secondly, part-time work provides valuable experience. Students develop communication, teamwork, and time management skills that are difficult to gain in classrooms but are highly valued by employers. It also helps them explore their strengths and potential career interests.

Moreover, juggling work and study teaches students responsibility and discipline. Those who manage both effectively become more confident and organized. They learn how to handle pressure and prioritize tasks, which benefits both academic and future work life.

While some believe that part-time jobs may harm academic performance, this mainly depends on time management. Many students succeed in both areas and even become more motivated and focused due to their work responsibilities.

In conclusion, having a part-time job during college offers many benefits. It supports students financially, builds essential skills, and encourages independence. As long as students maintain a good balance, the advantages clearly outweigh the challenges. I strongly believe that college students should be encouraged to take on part-time work.
"
"     I believe college students should try having a part-time job. It’s not just about money—it teaches real-life skills.
     First, you learn time management. Balancing classes, homework, and work is hard but makes you organized. You also become more responsible (showing up on time) and improve communication skills by talking to coworkers or customers.
     Second, it brings financial freedom. College is expensive. Earning your own money helps pay for books, food, or fun activities. You’ll rely less on parents and understand the value of money.
     Third, it gives work experience. A job related to your major (like tutoring for education students) is perfect practice. Even unrelated jobs (like working in a café) teach teamwork or customer service—skills every employer wants.
     Of course, balance matters. Don’t work too many hours. If your grades drop, cut back. Talk to your boss about your study needs. Learning to prioritize is another useful skill!
     In short, a part-time job prepares you for the real world. It builds skills, confidence, and independence. Every student should try it if they can.
"
"Nowadays, many college students decide to do part-time jobs while studying. In my opinion, having a part-time job is quite important for students for a few reasons.
First of all, working part-time helps students earn some money to cover their daily expenses. Many students live away from home and need to pay for food, transportation, or even rent. Instead of always asking money from their parents, they can earn it by themselves, which make them feel more independent.
Secondly, having a job teaches students useful skills that they can't learn from books. For example, they learn how to manage time better, communicate with others, and solve problems quickly. These skills are very useful in real life and also in their future jobs. Even if the job is not related to their major, the experience still count.
However, there are also some downsides. If students work too much, they may not have enough time to study or rest. It’s important to find a balance between work and school. Some students also get tired easily and their grades went down because of stress. 
In conclusion, I believe that doing a part-time job is a good idea for college students as long as they know how to manage their time. It brings both money and experience, which are helpful for their present and future."
"As a freshman at the University of Economics. As I take my first steps into university life, I have reflected on the question of whether having a part-time job is important for students. Personally, I partly agree. While part-time work brings many valuable benefits, it is not the only path for students to grow and succeed.

During my high school years, I actively engaged in various extracurricular activities. I was the Head of Fundraising for the charity project Giấc Mơ Cho Em, a member of the HR team in Trăng Tròn, and the organizer of the talk show “IELTS and Its Practice.” I also won second prize in a school debate competition and served as an ambassador for the English Speaking Club. Now, as a university student, I continue to explore opportunities through roles in events, mentoring programs, and marketing competitions.

From my experience, I believe part-time jobs can teach time management, responsibility, and financial independence. However, students can also gain these skills through volunteering, organizing events, joining clubs, and taking part in competitions. These experiences, like mine, build confidence and prepare us for the future.

In my opinion, part-time jobs are important, but they are not the only way to grow. As a freshman, I choose to focus on adapting to university life, exploring my interests, and building a strong foundation for the years ahead. Growth can come from many directions—not just from work.

"
"I strongly agree with the notion that college students should have a part- time job. Not only does a part-time job provide for extra sources of income for a college students, but it also provide an opportunity for the college students to gain certain valuable life skills that would contribute to both their personal growth and their career growth. 
First, a part-time job provide an additional form of income. College life comes with various expenses for instance: Food, transportation, social activites etc.. A complete financial reliance on family's support and scholarships is not feasiable for most college students. A part-time job while not necessarily give the college students completely financial independece, it would aids said students to be more finanically independent.  
Second, Part-time works would force the college students to develop crucial soft skills such as time management, communication and teamwork. These skills will come as a consequence of having to manage their part -time job as well as their often challenging college studies. These skills are invaluable and are highly sought after by  employers, and students who have prior part-time work experience oftens time find it easier to transition into full-time jobs after graduation.
Third, Part-time works especially to those related to the major of said college students, can help students explore career interests. For instance, a law student interested in arbitration may work at arbitration center, gaining exposure to arbitration and further enhancing their career prospect within arbitration. 
In conclusion, a part-time job is not merely a side hustle to gain an extra bit of cash; it is an opportunity for a college student to develop their skills and career prospects ."
"Nowadays, having a part-time job while still learning in university is no more unfamiliar to young people. Some people suppose that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. In my perspective, I disagree with this statement for some reasons.
First, having a part-time job or not will depend on the purpose of each student. Some would like to experience some working skills or knowledge that could be useful in their future, therefore, they choose to work and study simultaneously. In contrast, some students aim to focus on studying at school and try their best to have good scores in every subjects. Second, the decision to have a part-time job will also depend on the ability of time management. Students usually need to consider whether they can balance the time for doing their homework and the time spent on doing part-time job. Third, from my best knowledge, even when students pass the internship application, they still need to be trained for several months, then having a part-time job is not really important because we still learn and learn when we receive an offer from enterprises.
In conclusion, I suppose that having a part-time job might be important to some students, but not all. As we have different aims and abilities. 
"
"I agree with this statement for some reasons. Firstly,  having a part- time job helps students earn extra money, which helps students reduce financial pressure. I am now a part-time tutor for primary school student, which helps me cover things like food, transportation, some personal needs and reduce the financial burden on my family. 
Additionally, working while studying gives students valuable life experience, improves their time management skills, and prepares them for the future job market. In my case, tutoring has helped me improve my communication skills, learn to be more patient, and manage my time better so that my studies don’t suffer. These are real-life skills that I know will be useful no matter what job I do in the future. Most employers appreciate students who have work experience because it shows responsibility,  and an understanding of how the working world operates—even if it’s just a small job. 
In conclusion, I believe that having a part-time job during college is a smart choice. It helps you grow as a person, become more responsible, and prepare for the future"
From my perspective, I partly agree with this statement. Firstly, getting a job when being a college students is like a trial version of applying for a job when you graduate. You will know how to prepare your CV, how to write cover letter and how to express what you want and show your ability towards recruiters. Secondly, having a job helps students gain more experiences in social communication and broaden their relationship circle. Thirdly, you can be more independent and understand the value of money. When you start to work to make money, you are more responsible to your spending and maybe if you are lucky enough to find a good job that help you make a lot of money, you don’t have to ask family for financial support at all. But on another side, if you have strong financial support and want to follow academic career, you don’t have to get a job, instead, utilize that time to broaden your circle and find opportunity from them. Some students may work so hard that they can’t concentrate on classes at school and worsen their study performance. In this case, i don’t think it’s a good idea for them to get a job.
"Over the past few years, there has been a debate of whether or not adolescents should have a part-time job when they are above 18. Some may support that idea because they strongly believe that the young are not mature enough to independently take responsibility for their life. From my point of view, I agree that it is essential for college students to have a part-time job, which will be outlined in the following paragraphs.

To begin with, gaining more experience before getting into the job market is vital to students in university. College students can learn how an organization operates from the small ones to larger ones when they have part-time jobs in many fields like marketing, supply chain, finances,... For example, if a college student wants to become a senior auditor in the future, he or she can work as an accountant intern from their third-year in university to help him or her know more about the documents as well as improve their excel skills.

Secondly, development of soft skills such as communication, time management, and teamwork. is another merit because it helps students gain a better understanding of the professional environment. When students get a job when they are still studying at university, they have to learn how to balance between life and working. Therefore, they develop their time-management skills, which do not make them feel tired after a hard-working day. Moreover, they know how to work efficiently with other team members as well as develop their communication skills with their colleagues. 

Taking all of the aforementioned ideas into consideration, having a part-time job when studying at the university possesses a variety of cons in terms of their experience of soft skills."
"In today’s fast-paced and competitive world, many people argue that students should focus solely on their studies. However, I strongly believe that having a part-time job during college period is not only beneficial but also essential for students’ personal and their professional development.
First of all, part-time jobs offers students the opportunity to develop helpful soft skills such as time management skill, communication skill, teamwork skill and so on. These skills are rarely taught in universities but are highly valued in the labour market. When they have part-time jobs, students have a chance to learn how to balance their work and study. It requires careful planning and prioritizing, which helps students become more organized and responsible. By working part-time, students can better prepare themselves for their future professional careers and build a strong resume, giving them more potential furute job opportunities.
Furthermore, having part-time jobs also helps students become more financially independent, ease financial burden for themselves and their family by providing extra income to cover tuition fees, living expenses, saving as well. This also brings benefit throughout their lives. 
In conclusion, while academic performance should always be a priority, I firmly believe that part-time jobs play a crucial role in helping college students grow both personally and professionally. The valuable experience, financial benefits, and life skills gained from part-time work can significantly contribute to their overall success in the future."
Having a part time job in college will help students improve their skills in many ways. With a technical job which is directly related to your major will help you to enhance your knowledge and technical skills. However, with other jobs such as server, driver,.. will have students to increase other skills like communicating, problem solving, time management,... Beside that, students can also achieve those skills through their activities in college by joining some clubs, engaging in some research or project which they think is helpful. However, it is essential to acknowledge potential drawbacks. Excessive working hours may lead to exhaustion, stress, and diminished their academic performance. Therefore, it is crucial for students to find a balance in their life, ensuring that jobs do not affect their educational objectives. Institutions can support this by offering flexible work-study programs that are suitable with academic schedules. In conclusion, while there are always challenges associated with balancing work and study, the benefits of part-time jobs for college students are really important. It will foster financial independence, enhance time management, provide technical experience, and open networking relationships. With proper balance and support, part-time jobs can significantly contribute to a student's growth and readiness for the professional world. 
"I totally agree with this opinion. 

Having a part-time job while studying at university is often considered a valuable experience for students. I strongly agree that it is important for college students to work part-time, as it not only helps them develop essential life skills but also provides financial support and enhances their future career prospects.

Firstly, part-time jobs teach students responsibility, time management, and independence. Balancing academic commitments with work requires effective planning and discipline—skills that are highly beneficial in both personal and professional life. For instance, students who manage a job alongside their studies often learn how to prioritize tasks and handle pressure, which are crucial abilities in the modern workforce.

Secondly, working part-time can ease financial burdens. Many students face the challenge of rising tuition fees and living costs, especially those studying abroad or from low-income backgrounds. A part-time job can help cover daily expenses, reduce reliance on family support, or even decrease the need for student loans, allowing graduates to start their careers with less debt.

Finally, gaining work experience while still in school enhances employability. Employers often value practical experience in addition to academic qualifications. A part-time job, even if unrelated to a student's major, demonstrates initiative, work ethic, and interpersonal skills. In competitive job markets, such experience can set a candidate apart from others.

However, it is important to acknowledge that working too many hours can negatively affect academic performance. Therefore, students must find a healthy balance to ensure their studies remain a top priority.

In conclusion, I firmly believe that part-time jobs are important for college students. When managed well, such work provides valuable life skills, financial relief, and a stronger foundation for future employment."
For me, having a part time job plays an important role in college students. There are many reasons that explains why college students should take part in part time job. Firstly, doing work can increases their soft skills. Students can learn how to communicate with clients, how to manage their time to finish their tasks on time. Therefore, it enhances their soft skills, contributing to their success. Besides that, having a job is a good way to make friends. Students can break their ice through their works and have same interest to make friends. Futhermore, students can use their knowledge at their school into their part time job which help student gain on practical experiences. It is a good way to build a strong foundation in their career. For example, students who study in technology that work as a part time coder, contributing to their experiences in a technology industry. On the other hand, working as a part time job can help students make ends meet. Due the high living expenses in the cities, many students need to work to cover rental house fee and food. To sum up, it is crucial for college students to experience a part time job.
"Living in fast-paced and competitive world has encouraged college students to take up part-time jobs alongside their studies. While some argue that this is essential for personal and professional growth, others believe it can affect their academic performance in a negative way. This essay will discuss both the advantages and disadvantages of having a part-time job during college.

First and foremost, I believe having a part-time job helps college students develop essential social skills and gain real-world experience. Working while studying teaches students time management, responsibility, and financial independence. For example, students from low-income families will not only cover daily costs like food, transportation, and school supplies, but they can also reduce the financial pressure on their parents by working part-time. In addition, it also allows them to explore potential career paths, build their career path, and establish professional connections. 

On the other hand, working part-time can pose certain challenges. The most common concern is that it may negatively affect academic performance. Balancing job hours with lectures, assignments, and exams can be overwhelming, leading to stress and bad results. Some students may find it difficult to concentrate in class or complete their coursework on time. Furthermore, there is a high chance that students can prioritize income over education, which could hinder their long-term goals. 

In conclusion, while working part-time can promote independence, work experience, and financial support, it also carries the risk of academic strain. Therefore, students should carefully manage their workload, priorities to make sure it will not affect their academic performance because studying is still the most important. "
I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Firstly, it can be relevant to students’ financial status. Some students don’t have enough money to live in expensive urban life, so they must do many jobs to exist. Secondly, doing part-time jobs not only solves financial problems but also provides students with many practical skills such as communication skills, critical thinking, and team-work skills. This knowledge can be the luggage for students on future careers because these are all important criteria that employers need. However, students can abuse part-time jobs and from there they will be distracted from studying in university. That makes part-time work during college become the reason why students forget their main purpose. Finally, students should be careful in choosing a job that suits them and complies with the law. If not, they may do illegal work to get large amounts of money. It’s also a danger to social order and security. In conclusion, working part-time jobs by students can provide a large of human source for job markets but it can be a place that creates many lawbreakers due to lack of finances and immature thinking. Students need to be more careful and mature.
Now, I am a student at university in Vietnam, and I have joined 3 part-time jobs. In my case, the main reason why I am looking for a job is just because of money, not about experience. Being a student, I still need more money to pay for my learning fees, rent and other fees. Living in a city - which is not my countryside, no parents take care. I have to take good care for myself and my sister, and that was not easy. So I very much agree with this topic "It  is important for college students to have a part-time job." One more thing that Topic must agree on is ‘try’. If I don't try, I will never discover my strength. My part-time job is just manual work, and knowledge I get more is about social knowledge. Thanks for that, I can save lots of time in defining myself and keep moving in the future. But, for people who have a strong financial base, and want to use 100% energy in learning. In that case, they don't need to have a part-time job. Because their parents work so hard to hope they can live and learn without thinking about it. It is about their thinking and part-time job not like a ‘must have item’ that every student tries to have. They can use their time in another work still bring values for them.
"I strongly agree with the argument that part-time jobs play a vital role in college students’ lives. The main reasons will be outlined in the following paragraph.

Based on my observations and experiences, doing a part-time job during university can provide students with many advantages. Firstly,   
university students can have real working experiences, helping them to improve their practical skills rather than just absorbing academic knowledge. For example, when working in customer service roles such as waiters or customer care, college students can learn how to communicate effectively with types of people, handle pressure, and solve problems promptly. Secondly, having working experiences, especially experiences related to their majors during university will give undergraduates a competitive edge in the job market after graduation. In Vietnam, employers tend to appreciate candidates who demonstrate strong soft skills in addition to academic achievements. Furthermore, students have to learn the way to balance between jobs and learning. Obviously, it will be highly pressured, however if they manage well, they can be more disciplined and resilient. 

Overall, part-time jobs bring numerous benefits to university students. Therefore, I strongly support the view that engaging in part-time work plays a crucial role in shaping a student’s future success."
"In these day and age, it is argued that having a part-time job is cruel for university students. In my opinion, although it brings lots of benefits to them, i agree with this point of view for several reasons.
On the one hand,  student should focus on their study instead of having a part-time job. Having a part-time job can suffer their academic perfomances. Since they spend most of their free time on working, they do not have time for studying. As a result, their grades could be affected.
On the other hand, it is undeniable that college learners should have a part-time job. Firstly, it helps them to improve their soft skills which are not taught in school. For example, when a college student is a waiter, they can improve their interpersonal skill and learn a lot of soft skills which can be helpful for them when they do a full-time job after graduating. Secondly, they can have a bonus earning that can help them cover some daily expenses such as food and transportation. Without it, college students may have financial difficulties since the allowance that their parents give them every month can just adapt their basis expenses. 
In conclusion, i believe that college students should have a part-time job. However, they should balance their schedule so that it does not affect their study."
"It is widely understood that having a part-time job is very essential for college student. In my opinion, I totally agree with this statement. These reasons will be given in this essay as belows.
Taking the part-time job which is related to the major during the studing in the university or collegde will be the great way for students to apply their theory knowledge gained in the real life. This could help student interpret more about academic theory and compare to practical situation. Moreover, work experiences from these part-time jobs will have good impact on other future enterprises when students apply to get this job. Instead of only focusing on studying theory without any experiences in practical working environment, this candidate will not be assessed as high as the experienced ones. 
In addition, although students take a part-time jobs which is not consistant with their major, it could bring them more income. Some students, besides studying at college, they have to earn money to afford for their living expenditures and studying fees. Having salary will open more doors for students due to the fact that they can use that money to take part in more studying courses or buy necessary things... Getting a job in a professional environment is a chance for pupils to enhance their soft skills and become a active person in the future.
If students in colleges or universities have leisure time, they could consider to have a part-time job due to its benefits. "
"In my opinion, I strongly agree that it is crucial for university students to have a part-time job. Although studying is the first priority, working part-time brings a lot of advantages that help them in their future.
To begin with, students can earn money to support themselves and their parents. With the increasing tuition fees and living expenses, they have to face financial pressures. Therefore, a part-time job can help their families with these costs and they can learn how to manage money better, which is a useful skill for their adult life.
Another benefit is gaining work experience. Working part-time enables them to learn many valuable practical skills like talking to customers, working in a team, managing their time well, and solving problems. Employers often prefer people who have some work experience, even if it is only a part-time job.
Last but not least, part-time jobs help students meet new people and learn about different types of work. This can help them decide what career they want to have in the future. For example, a student working in a shop might discover they enjoy business, while someone working in a restaurant might find they like the food industry.
In conclusion, I believe that part-time jobs are very beneficial for college students. They provide financial support, practical experience, and important life skills that will help students succeed in their future careers."
"Many people assume that college students have to gain as much experience as they can through part-time jobs. Others think that part-time jobs are a waste of time. In my point of view, as a student, I prefer taking a part-time job for some reasons.

First, it is necessary for students to have real-world skills. Although part-time work doesn’t relate to their major, it still helps them in some ways. When experiencing early, they have chances to meet others, learn how the world actually works, and improve communication skills. They will not be shy or scared of these situations in the future. I knew a lot of friends that had worked early in the first year of university, and they had the energy that nobody could.

Second, doing various work at the same time will improve their time management skills. They have to study and work at the same time. Somebody will say that is not good for students who want an excellent GPA. Otherwise, working experience has lots of benefits that could make them more mature. After graduation, they will have to face many pressure situations. Not only working, but they have to learn how to treat, communicate, and connect relationships also. Some people work and study for a Master’s at the same time. Therefore, there is no reason for not having work at present.

In conclusion, having a part-time job is a great opportunity for students. Not only improving their real-world skills but also the soft skill of management. At university period, they could have treasured time to make the best memories if they dare to live, to try, and to do."
"As a result of the economic downturn, more and more college students have wishes to have a part-time job to cover a part of their tuition fee so that their parents will not have to worry as much about the financial problems. However, this action may have significant affection to the student's study process. From my perspective, not every college student is required to have a part-time job. 
Firstly, having a part-time job requires students to sacrifice their study time for work. In reality, most part-time jobs are naturally physical tasks in which workers have to put lots of physical energy. That problem leads to an obvious result, students will run out of their energy for learning and could not pay all attention to it, which may make their grades worsen.
Secondly, if students want to have more money to cover their tuition fee, I can study harder to get a scholarship from their school to solve the problem. Nowadays, there are numerous scholarships created to help studious student overcome their obstacle in their learning path.  By using the opportunity cost theory, it is clear to see that the opportunity cost of studying hard to get a scholarship is higher than having a part-time job and sacrificing study time. A scholarship requires students to show their potential, so they need to try hard in both their learning and extracurricular activities to win a scholarship and that will benefit them both in the present and future. 
In conclusion, having a part-time job is not a bad thing, it depends on the student's situation but having a part-time job is not a crucial thing for university students."
"There is a statement whether students at university should have a part-time job or not. I partly agree with it and personally believe that it should be depend on the situation and students' demands, not a must.
On the one hand, if their family backgrounds is very poor, they can't even afford neither the tuition fee nor the base living money, then students should get a part-time job in order to support and share the hard-time with their parents. In another context, if the students' condition is good enough, however, they want to buy something they like, or pay for the course they want to learn, such as badminton or the piano course, then it is also reasonable for students to have a part-time job for extra incomes. Nowadays, it is accessible to plenty of part-time job, students tend to wort as Cashier at retail shops or salers, or tutors, etc.
On the other hand, focusing solely on studying at college is still important. It is undeniable that GPA at university plays an crucial role in the career path of students. GPA is a factor to be judged when applied to Master Programme or to the top big firm such as big 4  audit firm or big 3 MBB. Therefore, having a high GPA is very essential to students, however, not anyone can be capable of getting high score easily without spending sufficient time of studying. Then if the students don't have any burden of finance, and they are not excellent test takings, so concentrate solely on studying is a preference. In a near future, it may not have any difference, but in the long run in career path, it does matter.
In conclusion, there are both benefits and drawbacks of having a part-time job. Choosing to get a part-time job bases on the students' choices and conditions, it is a trade off."
There is an opinion that having a part-time job during university years is of paramount important for students, and I partly agree with this statement. On the one hand, doing a part-time job equips students with important soft skills, such as leadership, team work, communication, negotiation and critical thinking. These soft skills, or professional skills, are extremely essential in the workplace environment, regardless of geographic locations or specialities. This is because all people need these skills to deal with every situations both in their daily and professional lives, to get on well with others, and to make the right decision during their life. Therefore, having a part-time jobs beside studying may be a good choice. However, my stance for this is that the decision on whether to apply for a part time job for university undergraduates should depend on their specialities. In fact, some theories in many specialities like information technology (IT) are especially difficult, demanding undergraduates a great deal of their time and effort. If college students in these fields take a part time job, they may lack sufficient time and strength to follow their academic work in university. On worse cases, they may get bad marks and fall behind their friends. In the long run, this would lead to them being less competitive in their specialized job market. Having said that, I also acknowledged the fact that if undergraduates in these challenging majors can manage both part-time job and their academic development well, they will become applicants that almost all employers and headhunters desire. 
"Job plays an important role in college students life. Some people agree that it is important for college students while the others say it is unnecessary. Personally, I believe that it is vital for college students to have a part-time job for some reasons.
Firstly, part-time job allows student to apply their knowledge in to practical working situation. In the university, students are not easily given a chance to solve with real-life cases, they only learn theorical knowledge and it tend to difficult to memorize for them. For example, my majoring is Auditing, I only being taught about boring theory such as professional ethics, I even don't know how to use Excel until I joined as an accounting intern at a local company last year, where I have improved my skills, especially in accounting knowledge.
Secondly, part-time job can help students pay for their expenses. Most of college students in my country are often work to pay for their living. Although the income is not too high, but it is suitable for their demands. In adverse, college students who not work are usually lack of money, leads to a fact that they tend to stuck with their bills monthly.
To sum up, I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job."
"Some people say that college students should have a part-time job, while others argue that they need to focus on their studying. I personally think that the first statement is outweighed. 
On one hand, college students main objectives when going to college are studying, getting good grades and getting a scholarship if possible. Having a part-time job would indeed affect to their performance at classes if they don’t know how to allocate their time appropriately. Moreover, going to college or university has already taken most of their time and create a lot of stress such as peer pressure, financial issues if they have to retake some tests,… Therefore, if they spend their time on working part-time, it would drain them even more due to stress at work.
On the other hand, it’s still necessary to have a part-time job outside school as they could learn a lot from their jobs if they are somewhat related to their major so they can apply what they learn in their works. Even if they aren’t, the students still can gain a lot of experiences from what they are responsible for and strengthen their soft skills such as communicating, multi-tasking, organizing,… This could be an advantage when they write their CVs to impress the employers as well as being able to learn on job faster and get used to the working environment. Furthermore, they can have another source of income to be able to pay bills and what they need without relying on their families too much.
In short, I find that college students should work part-time if they can organize their schedules so as to gaining knowledge and  having practical experiences for their long-term objectives."
"I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. First of all, part-time jobs help students earn money. Many students do not want to ask money from their parents, so working part-time gives them more independence. They can use the money for food, books, or other personal needs.
Second, students can learn many useful skills from part-time jobs. For example, they can learn how to work in a team, how to talk to customers, and how to manage time. These are very important skills for future jobs after graduation.
Also, a part-time job helps students understand the value of money and hard work. When they spend their own money, they become more careful and responsible.
However, students should not work too much. If they spend too much time working, they will not have enough time for studying. So, I think students should find a balance between study and work.
In conclusion, having a part-time job is a good experience for college students. It helps them grow, learn, and prepare for the real world."
"Part-time jobs play a vital role in college students’ future career path. In my opinion, I agree with this statement.
Part-time jobs bring a variety of opportunities for students who have been looking for work experience. Most students put too much attention on academic study and forget to widen their understanding about the industry that they want to work in the future. That leads to the awkward circumstances of job disorientation and unemployment when they graduate and start to look for jobs which involve their college major. These students only have the knowledge that they absorb at the university and lack of practical skills such as leadership, time management, teamwork, communication and so on. It is extremely difficult for them to cope with the real working tasks and businesses generally do not have enough time to teach you all these skills because the employers want to hire the approved students who can transform their knowledge effectively and solve problems. They would train students who work as a staff rather than a student. So to improve and widen your knowledge to prepare for a job, students need to start with a part-time job which involves in the major that they are familiar with. 
To sum up, I think students need to look for a new job when they are still studying at the university due to curent economic regression."
"Having part-time job is very common these day. There are numerous students have at least one part-time job. From my perspective, as a student, I believe that part-time job is very important for college students for many reasons.
First and foremost, part-time jobs bring out income. It is obvious that money is essential for living. People use money to pay for they needs and students are not exceptions. Since students have to study in college, part-time jobs are suitable for them to make money but still ensure their studying.
Moreover, having a job can help people develop themselves personally and professionally. Some students can find part-time jobs that relating to their major, so that they can useful practical experiences and develop their knowledge and skills. Unless they can find a related job, students can still gain soft skills during their working time, for instance time management skill, problem-solving skill, strong team-work skill.
Additionally, having part-time job help student use their time effectively. Students who have part-time job will not waste their working time useless activities such as playing video game, surfing the internet for no purposes. Since they don’t have much time after work, students will naurally learn how to ddo things more productivity.
In short, I believe that part-time jobs are essential and useful for college students. Having part-time jobs would help them develop themselve naturally and effectively."
"In this day and age, having a side hustle while taking on a pursuit for higher education has been crucial not only for students but also many other individuals across the world to reach adulthood. However, some people would raise some concerns over the distractions part-time jobs can make. Others would argue that having a side hustle can help  teenagers with their pursuit for greater opportunities, higher standards of life they can acquire. Me personally, I would say that having something of a part-time job is truly important for college students, offering perks beyond just financial gains. 
Why do I agree to college students having a part-time job? Firstly, it can provide students with financial independence. Every year, college admission fees keep on rising and rising, which make students and parents or relatives feel overwhelmed with how much the money they will deperately need to pay for. Some students might even propose postponing their higher education pursuit to get some income streams to support their families instead, hindering their potential to reach for something better than themselves. With that being said, this is where a part-time job comes in to save the day. Having a part-time job can somewhat help them cover costs, manage their money and help acquire the ability to know the value and hard work from making a single dollar from working is. Not only that, having a part-time job can help students with their networking skills, getting along with new people, seeing the world with a different eye, expose them early to the workplace dynamics and develop interpersonal skills. It's because of the aforementioned reasons that I am in favor of students having at least a part-time job, as long as they can manage themselves well and not quit college halfway."
"Over the past few years, part-time job has always been a topic of widespread concern. It is argued that engaging in part-time work plays a vital role in the development of university students. From my perspective, I am in total agreement with this statement on account of the following reasons.

Firstly, it helps college students earn extra income. To be more specific, the rise in living standards in recent years has led to an increase in associated costs, including tuition fees. Consequently, these fees have become a burden for many students, prompting them to take up part-time work in order to ease their financial pressure and cover their personal expenses.

Furthermore, part-time jobs enable students to accumulate life skills and become familiar with real working environments. In fact, at university, students often acquire abstract and theoretical knowledge, with limited opportunities to apply it in real-life contexts. Hence, by participating in temporary employment, students can bridge the gap between theory and practice by acquainting themselves with workplace dynamics and essential soft skills. As a result, engaging in part-time work helps students build confidence and adaptability.

Last but not least, students can increase their employability through such jobs. These roles equip students with practical skills that are often absent from traditional academic settings. Through real-world experience, they develop vital soft skills such as communication, teamwork, and time management—all of which are highly valued by employers. Moreover, part-time work exposes students to various roles and industries, allowing them to explore potential career paths and better understand their strengths and interests.

In conclusion, college students should be involved in part-time work for the aforementioned reasons. Personally, I firmly believe that universities should incorporate part-time employment as a formal component of the curriculum to enhance students' practical competencies."
"I believe that having a part-time job is beneficial for college students. Not only does it offer financial assistance, but it also provides practical experience and supports personal development. 
First of all, many students struggle to meet the costs of university life, such as tuition, textbooks, and daily expenses. By working part-time, these young adults can earn extra money to relieve financial burden on their families. Moreover, a part-time job gives students a chance to gain exposure to the real working environment. This experience helps them develop crucial soft skills like time management, teamwork, and communication skills that are essential for future employment. 
Furthermore, a university's person who balances both work and study tends to develop greater self-reliance and accountability. They start to understand the value of hard work and become more effective in managing their time. This equip them with essential skills for post-graduation life.
Nevertheless, college students should ensure that their jobs do not negatively affect their academic performance. If managed wisely, a job with flexible hours can fit into a student’s routine without causing stress or distraction for their study.
In conclusion, part-time work plays a valuable role in supporting college students' financial, personal development and professional growth. It equips them with real-life skills and experiences that will benefit them after they leave university."
Trend or “Force trend” of having a part time job today is quite interesting because society recognizes the benefits of part time jobs and always sings about it. Having a part time job nowadays is a choice for college students and they are not wrong if they choose not to . They have the right to choose between focusing 100% of the time to study or cutting some part of their time to have a part time job. Although you may think that a part time job is a way to gain more experience, you have to look into the insight. Part time jobs which college students can find are mainly in serving services, teaching or online writing,... mostly less experience for main career development. Students in Economics, Finance or Medical,... do not suit any of those easy-to-find part time job for their future career, excluding the students studying Hospitality or Teaching. My ideal for this case is that you don’t have to “have a part time job” like most students today follow. You can focus on language skill, writing skill or maybe your career skill. You don't have to have a variety of experience to get a job when you have done college. Imagine you are a Recruiter, you are finding a potential candidate for Finance assistant, will you choose a 4.0 in finance with no experience or a 2.0 in finance with part time job experience? See the point. So to wrap this up, it’s a choice not a force, you don't need to push yourself into worthless part time jobs, focus on your soft skills and your specialization. 
"Most people think that college students should do a part-time job. In my opinion, working part time will offer them many advantages. I feel this way for two reasons, which I will explore in the following essay.
First of all, a part-time job can bring many social experiences for students. Eighteen years old when students start college is a landmark of full growth. They need to prepare practical knowledge for a future job. So a part-time job is exactly what they need. For instance, my younger brother used to be quiet and clumsy. When he was a first-year university student, he worked at a small bookstore. Since then, my brother had better communication skills and became more calm. This part-time job has played an important role in gaining his social skills. It is a special factor in a college student's life. 
Secondly, they can have more money to improve their life’s qualifications from that job. A part time job helps them not only get more income but also have enough time to study. Moreover, they can not depend on their parents. For example, I can cover almost all my tuition without my parents' help since I started my first part time job as a tutor. My parents had to work hard for their three children's study expenses. So my job salary helps decrease my family’s financial burden. This also maintains the advantage of working part time for university students.
In conclusion, a part time job not only offers them social experiences like communication skills but also the independence of financial affordability. What they get from that job can make them more successful in the future. "
"It is thought that having a part-time job is crucial for college students. Although it can be argued that focusing solely on academics is essential, I strongly agree that it is beneficial for students to have a part-time job during college.
First, part-time jobs help students develop real-world skills while schools focus on theory. For example, working in retail improves communication, teamwork, and problem-solving abilities. These skills are crucial for future careers and make students more competitive in the job market. 
Second, students can earn money by themselves so that reduce financial for their parents. Tuition fees or daily expenses are one of the biggest problems for many college students. Earning from part-time jobs helps them to cover some costs and reduce dependence on parents. For instance, tutoring is an ideal part-time job as it pays well while requiring only a few hours per week. 
Finally, balancing work and studies improves time management. The challenge of meeting both work and study deadlines forces students to develop rigorous scheduling habits, and therefore strengthening their organizational skills. As a result, students with part-time jobs often plan their schedules more efficiently, avoiding procrastination. 
In conclusion, a part-time job provides students with essential life skills, financial stability, and discipline. While academic performance is important, the right job can complement education and prepare students for future success."
Nowadays, most college students tend to find a part time job as soon as they start learning. A school of thought holds that having a part time job as a collegian is an important thing. However, I have to disagree with this statement. First of all, it might have a negative effect on the study results of students. This is mostly because students will have to separate time and energy to either work and learn. Working can cause tiredness and exhaustion which decrease concentration at school. Secondly, students' physical and mental health could be severely damaged if they can not balance the time they used for working and studying. Some pay too much attention to their part-time job that they even skip their university classes just to go to work and earn money. Meanwhile, the main purpose of going to college is studying, which is their duty and responsibility. Besides, the university years are mainly for personal growth and exploring activities. Choosing to have a job can make college students miss out on many opportunities to develop soft skills and build a strong social network which may help them a lot in their future. However, it can not be denied that a part-time job do help the young by creating a new experience. Students can have a more open mind and experience life sooner which is also helpful for them. In conclusion, doing a part-time job as a collegian has both good and bad sides. College students can have a job during their college years as long as they have a good time management skill. However, it should be limited as little as possible. 
In my own view, I agree with the opinion. To be clear, for me, it is important, but not necessary or required for college students to have a part-time job. Having a part-time job is a plus for college students’ experience, especially when the job is related to their main major. Students will have the opportunity to  the basic knowledge gained in school in reality, and from that, students will acknowledge more about the job’s characteristics. Besides the hard skills, students can also have the chance to learn and use the soft skills like working and collaborating with groups of people, leadership, handling jobs in critical time, networking, monitoring and managing the time and money of the project, and so on, which benefits the students in their career in the long way. In addition, part-time jobs help students to be more financially stable and help sharing the burden of money with their family while studying and living in large cities. In conclusion, it depends on the student’s financial needs, also the student’s goals of building and gaining knowledge, skills and experience in those jobs. After all, the most important goal of students in college is to focus on study, achieve knowledge and required skills for a longer career in the future.
I totally agree with this statement. For me, I want to be an independent person by the time I turned 18, therefore, I think it is really important for me to have a part-time job as a college students. At the moment, I am living in dorm of International University of Viet Nam, so the amount of money I have to pay the rent is quite cheap. Because of that, if I have a part-time job that can cover the rent payment, I can be proud of myself that I do not have to live dependent on my parents money. That feeling makes me think that I’m an independent person. However, about other college students, on the one hand , the ones who get financial support from their parents, they may think that a part-time job is just a waste of time. They tend to focus on other things, such as studying or spending the amount of money they receive every months. On the other hand, students who live in poor family would think that a part-time job is extremely necessary as a college student. It is important for them to be financially independent if they want to continue their studies. In conclusion, for me, I want to be an independent person as soon as possible by getting a part-time job while studying at college. But for some other people, the level of importance depends on their financial condition.
