I think yes because we’ve been taught early on that passive smoking is a thing and it’s pretty devastating to kids and compromised people. Not only that it’s just going to make a restaurant feel really stuffy and smelly. As an asthmatic, the smoke does trigger my asthma so my opinion is very biased. I do get that social smoking and leisure smoking is a thing but it does affect the people around you. Plus I reckon the cigarette smell also affects the ambience of a restaurant so it’ll change how your food tastes. I don’t like saying this but if kids see people openly smoking it’ll probably get them curious, but I don’t think it’s that much of an influence. The only thing that is quite scary is passive smoking because if restaurants do allow smoking and people eat out a lot, some effects could build up and affect other people's health. The only compromise could be having smoking rooms, or just having the people smoke outside for others' sake. But overall I do think that restaurants should ban smoking inside premises because it could affect other’s health and probably their dining experience as well. People can smoke outside if they want.
Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country where the agreeable reason is the harm it causes. Although only one customer is smoking in the restaurant, the concept of passive smoking exists where other people breathe in the fumes from the cigarette. It has the same effect as a smoker: difficulty breathing, heart disease, cancer etc. The restaurant is a public space where everyone comes over to rest and enjoy a meal and passive smoking affects everyone no matter their age or gender. It is also important to mention that the smell of smoke may disturb the environment of the restaurant because no one would want to smell the smoke fumes while trying to eat their food. The smell, of course, would disturb everyone’s mood and their appetite. Adding on to that, this will also affect the restaurant’s popularity as everyone would comment whether or not the restaurant is good. In a scenario where smokers are allowed, the situation as I mentioned about the smell would then certainly happen, leading to negative reviews and comments about the restaurant and then the restaurant may lose its sells. Smoking is known to be harmful especially to those that are not even smokers themselves. So, a restaurant should consider if smoking is allowed.
The prohibition of smoking in public spaces has long been established in major public areas, and for the most part has been accepted by the wider society, even by smokers themselves. The banning of smoking at restaurants can be bad for businesses, as it makes the space less welcome to families with smaller children. This could in turn lead to negative effects on businesses and restaurant establishments. Further, the scientific evidence of passive smoking and its effects to a passive smoker’s health is another reason why smoking in public places, especially places where customers are to eat in, are why smoking should be banned at restaurants. Lastly, smoking in general is a habit that is directly detrimental to a smoker’s health. The act of smoking in public by other smokers might not encourage quitters to relapse or defeat the purpose of an ex-smoker quitting by turning them into passive smokers. However, there are some who may argue that banning smokers from restaurants may also be bad for restaurant businesses. This may be so in a case where smokers and their friends may use public spaces and restaurants to socialize and bond. This argument could easily be debunked when considering that smokers could easily opt to smoke in private spaces.
Smoking has been proven to be harmful to both the user and the people around it, so it is only right that it is completely banned at all restaurants in the country. It is damaging to our health as it can lead to complications such as heart and lung disease. It also affects second-hand smokers even though they are not the actual smokers which would not be ideal, especially in restaurants where families with small children, pregnant women, and asthmatic people may be present. Even more, smoking pollutes the air, and the smell gets trapped into fabric, food, and liquids. This will only make it unpleasant, especially when eating at a restaurant where it is usually indoors or within closed walls. Other than that, cigarette butts are often littered. Those take time to decompose, can be toxic to the environment, and only reduce the value of the place where it is littered as it affects the aesthetics of the area. Overall, smoking should be banned because it is harmful to the health and environment as it pollutes air and land. Regardless, I understand that quitting smoking can be difficult so there can be designated smoking areas, but it should not be legal in public places such as restaurants.
I agree. Since Brunei is one of the countries that have banned public smoking, I am grateful to not have encountered a single person smoking in public places including restaurants. If a person is caught possessing cigarettes, they will be fined. There are no benefits from smoking cigarettes. Smoking will slowly destroy the lungs, skin, teeth, and appearance. It’s like killing the body slowly. Smoking in restaurants ruins the environment of the restaurants. The smoke will travel in the air and get inhaled by those who are eating and drinking or chatting at the restaurants. That can destroy the taste of the food and drink, and people can cough because of the smoke. That is not a nice experience at all. Smokers should also consider the health and safety of others so if they want to smoke, they should do that in their own space alone. After they are done with smoking, they should dispose of the cigarettes properly. Although smokers claim that smoking can instantly relieve their stress, but how can they be not stressed when they are actually burning their own money. They have to buy the lighter and the cigarettes, so they are actually losing money. They are killing their own finance, health, and beauty, which I think is really stupid. If someone is smoking near me while I am eating at a restaurant, I will call the waiter to wrap up my food to take home and leave the restaurant.
I agree with this because smoking is harmful wherever we do it. It doesn’t matter if you smoke outside of restaurants or alone at your home, smoking is harmful for our health and the environment. The smoke can cause health problems not only to the smoker, but also to the other people who indirectly breathe in the smoke. These health problems can be lung cancer, breathing problems, teeth problems, or skin problems. The harmful smoke can pollute the air and the cigarette waste can pollute the land. Overall, it is not a pleasant sight to see and smell to breathe. Smoking can also cause personal relationship problems with others. Pregnant wives may not like it when their husbands smoke because the harmful smoke can get inhaled by the wives and can cause the unborn baby to develop abnormalities. Even unmarried couples can fight or end their relationship because one of the partners is smoking. In restaurants especially, people usually dine in to have a good time. Smoking at restaurants can pollute the clean air of the restaurants and people with breathing problems can cough uncontrollably. The people dining there can become annoyed and angry at the smokers and also at the restaurant staff or managers for allowing smoking. The taste of the food and drinks, the quality of the air to breathe, and the mood of the people all are ruined.
I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. The main reason for this is the health risks associated with secondhand smoke. It is well-known that exposure to secondhand smoke can cause many health problems such as lung infections, heart disease, and lung cancer. By banning smoking in restaurants, it can protect the health of non-smokers, including children and employees, and also make the dining experience better. By not having the unpleasant smoke in restaurants, it can make the atmosphere more welcoming for everyone. This also supports the shift towards healthier lifestyles. Although smokers may feel that the banning of smoking takes away their rights to smoke but non-smokers also have the right to not want to get the harmful effects of secondhand smoke. Smokers should be more responsible about when, where, and how they smoke. If they want to smoke, they can smoke alone in their own space and they should throw away the butts in a ceramic bin or metal bin. Smoking not only pollutes the air for breathing but it also pollutes the environment. The improper disposal of the butts can get washed into the sea and ocean, clogs the drains, and cause fires.
Yes I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Brunei has banned public smoking since the mid-2000s if I’m not mistaken and I have never encountered a single person smoking publicly or in restaurants because they will be fined. Brunei is pretty strict in adhering to the no-smoking law, which includes the banning of selling and owning cigarettes and vapes. I think the law is beneficial for everyone’s health and the environment not only in Brunei but also for the Earth’s health. The implementation of the no-smoking law has reduced the risk of Bruneians of getting lung cancer and respiratory diseases while also purifying the air in Brunei. Although some smokers would still buy tobacco sneakily in Brunei through the Brunei-Miri and Brunei-Limbang borders, they still abide by the law by only smoking at private places like their homes and throwing away the ends responsibly. The “no smoking or vaping allowed” signs are displayed on the walls in all Brunei restaurants so that’s already a clear rule that everyone must follow. Of course it’s hard to control everyone from not smoking especially when they are in their own homes and events, but smokers can still be responsible about it and not involve anybody else by smoking alone. That way no one else is affected by the harmful effects of inhaling the smoke.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. In fact, smoking should be banned completely in all places in every country. Not only does it protect non-smokers from secondhand smoke, but it also creates a healthier and more pleasant environment for everyone. In other countries where smoking can still be done publicly, it is not healthy for others who breathe in the smoke. Even if smoking is done privately, it is not healthy for the smokers themselves. Smoking is destroying the lungs and heart so I can never understand why people smoke. Restaurants that offer smoking areas are restaurants that only want to get more financial gain and do not care about the safety and health of the staff and customers. Of course, smokers have the right to smoke whenever and wherever they want, but it can’t be denied that smoking only contributes to air pollution, littering, and serious health concerns, which is why it is better banned. Smokers should take the initiative from the inconvenience of public smoking to quit smoking. They should do healthier and safer activities like jogging, swimming, or gardening, so they no longer want to smoke. Some smokers just want something to chew on something to quit smoking. They can chew on sugar-free gums or nuts which are healthier.
I think smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in the country to protect people's health, enhance the dining experience, and keep the environment clean. First off, looking out for public health is super important, especially in restaurants where people of all age gather to enjoy their meals. Secondhand smoke is seriously bad for non-smokers because it contains toxic chemicals that can cause respiratory issues, heart disease, and lung cancer. By getting rid of smoking in restaurants, we can reduce non-smokers' exposure to these harmful substances, like kids and other vulnerable old people, and keep them safe. Also, having a smoke-free environment makes the overall dining experience way better for customers. The smell of tobacco smoke can be gross and ruin people's meals. Many non-smokers prefer to eat in places where there is no smoke. Restaurants can create a more welcoming and comfy atmosphere for everyone by banning smoking. This can lead to happier customers. Lastly, a smoking ban in restaurants would help keep the place clean and pleasant, both indoors and outdoors. Cigarette butts are everywhere, making a mess and polluting the environment. Banning smoking would cut down on the litter, making public spaces cleaner and more attractive for diners. Plus, the absence of smoke would make the air quality better, making the whole dining experience fresher and more enjoyable for everyone.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned. It is a well-known fact that smoking is dangerous and harmful to both the smokers and the people around the smokers. It only makes sense to ban smoking in public places, including all restaurants in the country. It is a slow killer of our health because the effects of smoking are not immediate but the results are always the same, that is it can lead to complications such as heart and lung disease. It also affects second-hand smokers even though they are not the actual smokers but the harmful substances enter their bloodstreams once inhaled. It is not fair for non-smokers to have their health destroyed. Usually, restaurants are where families with small children may dine. Because smoking pollutes the air and the smell gets trapped in fabric and liquids, it ruins the quality of the environment and dining experience. This will only make it unpleasant, especially when eating at a restaurant where it is usually indoors or within closed walls. Other than that, cigarette butts are often littered. The butts take time a long time to decompose and are toxic to the environment. The appearance of the littered place is also affected and unpleasant to the eyes. Overall, smoking should be banned because it is harmful to the health and environment as it pollutes air, water, and land. Even so, I understand that smokers might find it difficult to quit smoking so there can be designated smoking areas, but it should not be at restaurants.
Smoking should definitely be banned in all restaurants across the country and the biggest reason is the harm it causes. Even if just one person is smoking, the biggest issue is the passive smoking. This means that everyone else in the restaurant is breathing in the secondhand smoke which can be just as harmful as smoking directly. This includes problems like breathing difficulties, heart and lung disease and cancer. It's a major health risk for everyone in the restaurant, regardless of their age or gender. Restaurants are supposed to be places where people go to relax and enjoy a good meal. The last thing anyone wants is to deal with the smoke from cigarettes while they are trying to eat. The smell of smoke can ruin the atmosphere of the place. Not only that it is unpleasant, it can actually make people lose their appetite because their good mood is ruined. Imagine sitting down for a nice meal only to be overwhelmed by the smell of cigarettes. Nobody wants that. Nobody wants to eat in a place where the air smells like an ashtray. Allowing smoking can hurt the restaurant’s reputation. If people start complaining about the smoke and how it affects their dining experience, you can bet that negative reviews will follow. The restaurant will be cancelled. The restaurant will lose customers and drop in sales. Smoking in restaurants is not just a matter of personal choice because it affects everyone who walks through the door. It's about creating a pleasant and healthy environment for everyone.
