 From my idea,  I think it is Part-time work is very important for students because now part-time work can be seen that most of the free time will come to work moret for college students to have a part time job: which is making money by yourself and saving money to help my family, learn to gain experience, learn to solve problems by yourself, learn money management skill, Help develop leadership skills, take advantage of your free time, develop language skills for  communicate with native speakers Because language is important for everyone and for job. Disadvantages of working while studying. working together with studying  It will definitely increase the pressure on students because in addition to having to be fully engaged in studying.  Will still have to work hard again  Which, if the summoner decides, should do his best. Students will have less time because most of their free time is spent on work.  Causing some students to not choose to work while studying as they choose to spend most of their free time traveling  or go on vacation
Given that you can learn the basics while working part-time, this seems like a viable choice while also reducing the amount of stress working less which will allow you to appreciate your endeavors without having to drag your work around with you all day.

 
   I agree that students have a part -time jobs, Because it will save us the expenses that our family has to pay, If we can work part-time, it means that we can find a job to make money for yourself, it should be done. If you want something, you can spend the money you earn without having to ask your parents for money ,And it is also working to create experience In the future, if we graduate , Because the only goal after graduating is to make money or to earn money to study well or family. It will also make us a person with enthusiasm for work. If we know how to plan and use our time correctly, we will become good-hearted. makes us responsible for life planning  ,It also makes us learn new societies, opening up another world. Plus, we also have various incomes from working Part Time and gaining additional knowledge on many things. If we learn to work when we are still learning, we will know the value of money and spend money rationally. Working part-time has more pros than cons.If we know how to split time or use the rest of the time from studying to work part time.The disadvantage of working part time is that we will not get enough sleep, but we can find a job that we can be done and does not affect the study. Because it is the beginning of life where we have to work and earn money to support ourselves
 
 In my opinion i think having part time job is quite important for college students because having part time job can give college students can earn extra income for their selves in daily life by doing part time. They can do after school or can do a full time job on the weekend as well, beside that it's good to let the students have saving money it'll be useful for in the future just like when we graduate we can use the saving money in our own business or use it for traveling to gain new experience and can also find something new on traveling. Then another important reason, doing part time is very helpful for us, we can develop our skill whether service, speaking, listening or other... . we can gain new knowledge and can see and join the new society, know more people. Doing part time can develop our skill so much in this case the English language student like us can develop speaking skill, listening skill, develop knowledge from working in hotel, restaurant or service department and for the economics students they can know about service or marketing. Doing part time can give us a very good experience that we can't get from class as well.
 
 I agreed because part-time work will hav the following advantages and disadvantages:
Pros:working on a website will certainly help us earn money som students whose financial status is never good need to earn money to send themselves to study lu wants to help reduce Family expenses but some teenagers still need to spend money to buy clothes,necessary school supplies part-time work is a good solution.ln addition,part time work also helps us earn extra income learned experience at work,There is more responsibility,learned skills in the workplace that could not be learned from school get to know more people which may be beneficial in your future job search, get a loan with a certain in come every month,met a variety of friends to create a wide society,when they are sick or on leve from work,they will have money to help them.
The consequences are:There is hardly any time to rest create pressure in addition to having to concentrate on studying and also having to concentrate on work,spend less time studying Overtime work will not be paid,the salary is not suitable for the work done,health is not strong be cause of not enough rest,there is hardly any time for homework,No time to hang out with friends.

 
"In my opinion I agree with student to have part- time Job, it's very important because It can help students by many ways such as: Financial, Knowledge, a lot of experience, how to manage life. 
    For students to have a part- time job It good  for them to find new something to do and get chance and it can help them learn from what they have to do, without this to have a part-time job have more experience to do and use in reality and know how to survive by themselves , student have a lot of knowledge, know how to accept about reality, real experience and know environment, know how to save more money by themselves, know value of money and what they have to do and that can learn from work, a lot of people in society. Without It's good for them, it also good for their family too such as: reduce expense, get more income.  For having a part time job, mostly will have good result for them, it also helps them to have many ways to choose, choose how to do, decide about what will have to do in the future.
     To summery, I think it's very important for students to have a part time job because it can help them by many ways and have a lot good result for themselves such as : learning from real experience, manage about what they have to do.

"
I think it's a good idea for college students to have a part-time job because they need to spend a lot of money on their college life, and some people don't want to use their parents' money to live extravagantly. I know that a lot of people who study in college or university have part-time jobs because most of them come from another province to study in the capital city, so they have lots of things to pay, such as tuition fees, text books, transportation fees, electricity bills, rent bills, and necessary expenses, and so on. Some of them want to find new experiences with a part-time job to earn new skills like time management, responsibility, or communication skills, which are important not only in the workplace but also in life too. Some of them are from families with less money. In this economy, people need to find a part-time job for their extra income to help their parents to cut down on their expenses and support themselves. Having a part-time job can provide students with the independence to face problems by themselves so that they can improve their problem solving skills and learn how to work as a team. 
In my opinion, I agree with that. It is important for college students to have a part-time job, because the education recently costs a lot of money. So, it is a good idea for college students to have a part-time job to help their family with expense. What if college students have a part-time job, they will gain a lot of benefits not just the money. For instance, experiences, knowledge,skills in many things which are necessary for their life in the future. They will know how to handle the problems if they make the mistakes. Having a part-time job is one of the things that can make them grow up, but it is better to work part time with their own vocational to gain the knowledge and experiences before they completely get full time work.  In the future, if the college students' families don't have money to support their education, they still can work and support themselve because they have a part-time job while they was studying, it might made them tired however. What if they don't want to study anymore because of any reason, they could drop and do it a full time job. I believe that they can handle their life if they are daring enough to step out the comfort zone and try to do a part-time job.
Absolutely yes. I agree with them because working part-time not only earns money but also gives us a lot of work experience that we can't find in school. From my perspective, working a part-time job teaches a lot of things that are important for life after graduating. You will never know the value of money or how difficult it is to find it. If you still ask for money from your parents, working to earn money to pay for your own tuition will reinforce the value of money. Besides that, for students who study in college, working a part-time job is a good way to research ideas to make a report or presentation because lessons from real experience will always be better than lessons from the internet; you can touch it and feel it. Furthermore, every trouble that you face from working part-time will improve your mind, your problem-solving skills, and your critical thinking, which will be your advantages in the future, whether you work or do business. As we can see, most successful people often had a part-time job, doing work while they studied in college or school. Finally, I still believe that having a part-time job while studying at college will give us twice as much knowledge and experience as others.
"Nowadays, it is necessary for college students to have a part-time job because of inflation. For sure doing a part-time job can earn less money which students cannot  spend enough in a days but one thing that is more important than it is experience during doing a part-time job. 
I strongly agree with student must have a part-time job when they are in college or university. The inflation in lao is the biggest problem which cause many people in lao living difficult live especially for lower income family. I think doing a part time job is one way to help their family win the inflation problems
A person who is new graduate who does not have an experience of work will find it difficult to find work. Almost company need a person can work not just graduated from a good university and get the high grades so they must have a hard work skill, communication skill, team work skill that had in a part time job not in school
A part-time job will help a student improve their ability to work. When students work, they will know how to manage time
In conclusion, it is important for a student to have a part-time job. I don't say that part-time job is more important than study in college but they have to do both for getting a better job in the future.
"
  In my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part-time job because it is a good choice and a good chance that we can find experience. There are many reasons for doing a part-time job for college students. Some people work because they want to relieve their parents' burden. For this kind of case, parents do not have money to support them.  They have to help their parents earn money and provide for themselves in order to send themselves to school. Some people work because they want to gain experience. The employment rate of new graduates, companies tend to hire people who have experience than people who have never worked before. I think this is the advantage of working in a part-time job. In addition to gaining experience, you will also learn to live with your co-workers or have good human relations as well. Learning to solve problems, whether it is a problem that must be handled on-site with a customer or problems that must be resolved when an error occurs. The addition is learning to manage time, because we must study and work together. We must manage our time well, in order to not have an impact on our studies and, on the other hand, we must be fully engaged with our work as well. In conclusion, working a part-time job while still a college student, there are a lot of advantages as mentioned above, we just have to organize our time and priorities well.
I do agree that college students should have a part-time job. In my opinion, there are many reasons why it benefits college students. The first one is that it gives students to learn how to work with people, so they can develop communication skills and make connections with others. Moreover, having a past-times job taught students to learn how to earn money. While they are working sometimes it will help them to find themselves in that moment. As we can see, many students even graduated from college but they still do not know what they want to do or who they want to be. In the past, some might think that students who have part-time jobs or work while studying are poor but now it shows us that a part-time job gives so many benefits to students of every status. Furthermore, If students want to be hired easier at least they need to have activities or job experience in their curriculum vitae. It will be one of the reasons that will help some students to get their work done. So, I think that having a part-time job will be one of the reasons that will help someone who doesn't know themselves yet and help them to get over it.
"Yes I do. Because I think it is very important for students who are poor, or students who want to rely on themselves and who want to have experience of working. A lot of students need part-time jobs because it is the only way that they can do while studying in University or colleges to reduce their parents's payments. Although having a part-time job effect on their studying maybe it makes them get lower grades, but it is reasonable.
For me I think making money while studying is such a great mindset because it means they gain a lot of experience in this period, they know that how hard is it to get money every penny, and know  how to manage their time as well. 
Some students was born in poor family, that can not support their terms fees. So they have no option they have to work for theirs education, for theirs future. For these students if they couldn't have part-time jobs, they couldn't study. So I very appreciate the students who work hard for their study."
"Having a part-time job while studying is a crucial aspect of a college student's life. It comes with many benefits. In this essay, I will discuss the advantages of having a part-time job while studying.

Firstly, one of the primary benefits of having a part-time job as a college student is that it can help lighten the burden on parents. As soon as they turn into college students, they will have the ability to contribute to their family's financial needs. Having a part-time job can help them earn some extra money that can help pay for their classes and other living expenses. For instance, students can work as tutors, babysitters etc to earn some extra cash.

Secondly, having a part-time job while studying can provide practical experience that can be useful for the future. It can help students develop essential skills like time management, financial responsibility, and critical thinking. Additionally, working in a department related to their field of study can offer them significant experience.

Lastly, having a part-time job while studying can help students gather experiences that can be useful in both academic and personal lives. It can help them develop their soft skills, such as adaptability, communication, and teamwork. These skills are vital in today's job market as employers are looking for individuals who can work collaboratively and adapt to different situations.

In conclusion, having a part-time job while studying can provide numerous benefits for college students. It can help them earn extra money, lighten the burden on parents, provide practical experience, and develop essential soft skills. Therefore, I strongly believe that having a part-time job while studying is essential for students to succeed."
"In the present, a part-time job is very famous and everyone can access it. There are so many kinds of part-time jobs such as: a chief, a barista, a salesperson or a tutor.

Part-time jobs sound very interesting, especially for students. In my opinion, having a part-time job is important for college students. It can help them to improve their working skills and It is a good way to prepare themselves before applying for a job. For example: having a part-time job as a waiter or a waitress in a restaurant can help them improve their communication skill and solving problems skill. If they work as a salesperson for a store or in a company, they may learn more about computer skill, sales skill and the ways to adapt the theories that they had learnt before with the real situation when they work. Another reason why it is important is because a part-time job can help college students to earn more money for supporting themselves or taking care of their family. Moreover, having a part-time job is not provide only income, it also gives new experiences and valuable lessons.

Finally, I believe that it is important to have a part-time job for the students.The biggest benefit that they can gain from it is improving themselves and it helps them to be ready for working in real situations too. "
