In my point of view, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In general, smoking is a bad habit which will influence individual's health. Based on the previous research by World Health Organisation (WHO), smoking can cause to several chronic diseases, such as lung diseases, hypertension, severe heart attack problems and the lists go on. In addition, smoking in public areas will result in health danger to the public as well. This is because people at the surrounding will inhale the air which contain hazardous chemicals such as carbon monoxide and nicotine. With that, public will have higher probability to be affected by those chronic diseases. Therefore, smoking should be completely banned due to the sake of human's health. On the other hand, smoking should be completely banned due to the environmental problem. Most of the smokers tend to discard their leftover cigarettes at every single corner in the restaurants. This irresponsible behaviour will result in the unnecessary trash and affect the cleanliness at the restaurant. Besides, as cigarette is becoming more and more expensive nowadays, some of the smokers may not be able to afford with it and smoking is becoming a burden for them. Thus, smoking should be banned completely at all the restaurants in the country and even around the world in the future due to its disadvantages.
 Smoking is just to entertain one leisurely or tense free or finding an excuse to kill boredom.
Smoking is for the sake of entertainment or something else. Smoking must be banned in all restaurants for my pleasurement. Health issues, ruthless people,etc. These could be the main factors of why banning smoking in all restaurants.

Health issues are being the main hot issue and it is  debatable among people. Especially those employers who own a restaurant. It is also being a dilemma if one decline of people smoking and therefore they must be running a bad business if one allows smoking then they can well maintained their business. But those selfish thinking didn't aware that being a second handed smoking is the worst. Affected their health issues such as heart attack, lung infection, etc. Hence, health issues is one of the main topic of why banning all restaurants is allowed.

Furthermore, ruthless people are mosly those heavy smokers. Being bias, ruthless people are also equivalent to heavy smokers. Most of the time we can see those smokers are being ruthless all the time. Ruining a bar or cafe when one started fighting  on something mostly are those smokers. Allowing them to smoke may only ruin one life. Therefore, prohibiting smoking in restaurants is strongly encouraged to avoid unforeseen circumstances.

In conclusion, banning smoking in all restaurants is the best choice if we can avoid health issues and ruthless people surrounded by us. The government should strengthen the policy and rules and regulations of disallowing people to smoke or else providing a certain area for them to do smoking. If we stop them to smoke it will definitely be a big issue faced by a committee who own food and beverage as the main business. 
Yes, I agree for various reasons. First, health issues. It goes without saying that smoke is harmful for everyone not only the smokers but people around them, the secondary victims. Therefore, smokers have to be consistently reminded by how dangerous it is. If this act was banned completely, they would have no choice but adhere and this would probably efficient to train them to lower their frequency to at least stop smoking while enjoying meals at restaurants. In Malaysia, most people have accepted smoking habit as this seems normal and common to be followed. This is not right and has to be transformed. Secondly, financial issues. Smokers would definitely spend money every single day on cigarettes and this would lead to financial crisis among smokers who earn less which eventually stress them out. Depression due to smoking habit will probably make smokers doing something worse such as committing robbery or taking cheap drugs to feel better and alleviate their stress. Lastly, ban smoking for the sake of healthy environment. The act of smoking in a public area especially restaurants does not look attractive and non-smoking people including pregnant ladies would surely feel uncomfortable. Apart from that, Bronchitis is one of the diseases that caused by smoke and the effort of banning smoking in the restaurants will totally decrease the potential of infection. 
There are a lot of tool to smoke such as cigarette, shisha and the latest is electronic device such as vape. Vape is very popular in teens because it comes with varies flavour. Rather than discuss about these new tools, i will discuss about why I agree with the statement that Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in country. For my first point, restaurant is the place that where people eating their meal while meet their friends or acquaintance or spend time with family. To highlight the point spend time with family, not excluded the children, elders and pregnant woman. This group of people who will be the most in danger if they expose to the smoke. A lot of baby infant just because the mother is the second smoker (people who inhale the smoke from cigarettes and electronic device). The smoker can find others places that did not risk others people life. They can smoke at the place that already provided for them to smoke. A lot of research already state that there is higher percentage that second smoker will died rather than the person smoke itself.  Some of the smoker state that by smoking, they can release their stress but somehow in medicine opinion, smoking can lead to various of several health problem. This is really unhealthy for their body. Rather than smoking, they can choose to do others alternative way such as meditations, yoga, play sports and others.
In my opinion, I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is a bad habit that people find it as a way to release their stress. It is prevalent in the world disregarding of the age, gender and races. Smoking will contribute to both short-term and long-term effects which are harmful to human's health. This is because the ignition of cigarettes will release nicotine which is the main contributor of lung cancer. From the research, it is found that those who inhales the smokes has a higher chance of diagnosing lung cancer compared to the smokers. Therefore, smoking at a public space such as restaurant is an irresponsible and selfish behaviour. Smoking at public area not only affects people's health, but also spoils their moods. Especially to those who have respiratory illnesses such as asthma, their diseases might be triggered once they inhaled the smokes from cigarette. Besides, this behaviour can affect the cleanliness around the restaurant since the smokers will abandon the cigarette on the ground without cleaning it. In addition, smoking contributes to environmental problems such as air pollution. During smoking, some harmful gases will release to the atmosphere which further increase the air pollution index (API) of the country. In summary,  smoking at all the restaurants should be banned as it only brings disadvantages to the public.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in Malaysia. As I learned before, the dangerous brought to secondary smokers are more than that for people who smoke. Restaurant is one of the public places that everyone will gather here including those children. Smoking in these places is totally an irresponsible action that will cause harm to others. The unpleasant smell of smoking also is one of the main reasons that no smoking should be allowed at restaurant. The smoke smell will retain at the air conditioner for a long period, it will disturb the others having their meal and the owner has to pay for the smoker's action. It is normal for a Malaysian family to have a dinner at family day, in this case the smoker is playing a negative role for those children who having meal at the same restaurant. Not only that, the ash from the cigarette also one of the problems brought by the smokers. Although there is a period that ash container was prepared on the table, the ash will somehow drop either on the table or floor. This condition has caused so many troubles to the cleanliness of a restaurant which directly affect a restaurant operation as the cleanliness grade is one of the guidelines in choosing restaurant. Next, the ash dropped onto the floor will cause it to be more slippery, which is one of the hidden dangerous to the customers and the workers. Although sometime the clean workers able to clean it on time, any hidden dangerous situation shall be fully excluded.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking not only bring side effect towards smoker's health but the most vital part is it brings a more serious effect to the secondhand smokers. Dinning area such as restaurant is considered as an open area where all of us will not be covered with mask, thus if there is smoker who is smoking the other customers in the restaurant will be inhaling the toxic gases such as carbon monoxide, nicotine and so on into their lungs which will cause a lung cancer in long term. Next, smoking in restaurants potentially to cause explosion especially for those hot pot restaurant where gas stove is placed on each dining table. The sparkle of the cigarette will easily ignite the gas and explosion will occur in just a second without any action could be done. This action is undeniably risking all the customers' and workers' life in danger. Furthermore, smoking indoor in restaurant will decrease the appetite of other customers due to the unpleasant smell of smoking. The smokes that produced indirectly increases the temperature of the restaurant and bad circulation within the dining area will not be able to allow the customers to enjoy their meal in the restaurant. In conclusion, smoking never bringing a pro to the restaurant therefore it should be banned permanently in the country
 	As a teenager in this country, in my opinion, I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. From my knowledge, smoking does not bring any benefits to the consumers, maybe just one, it helps a person's mind to relax and release stress. However, there are many ways to help with releasing stress and relaxing the mind, smoking should not be the priority for a person to choose as it brings critical damage to their lungs, and it is not money-friendly as it is highly expensive. Cigarettes contain nicotine that stimulates people to be addicted to smoking, as it could be considered a drug that harms people's health. Other than that, smoking releases secondary smoke that is even more toxic than the original smoke the person consumes. This is the main reason why smoking should be banned at all restaurants as it harms not only the consumers but the people around them. In a restaurant, there will be a lot of people including children and elders. The youngster and the elders' immune systems are more likely to be weaker than a normal adult and this toxic smoke could critically harm their health. Restaurants should be a place where all the consumers take their meals happily and peacefully. However, smoking releases a bad odour to the surrounding. I am sure that this odour will disgust those who do not smoke, and it is most likely to affect their mood during eating their meals. So, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. 
I am fully agreeing that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is a bad habit that not only brings harm to the one that smoke but also causing pollution to the environment and bring negative effects to people around him. In some restaurants, they have already banned smoking as it will affects the other customers in the restaurant. When someone is smoking, it will produce a pungent smell which affect the taste of the food and also the dining mood of the customers. Apart from that, the smoke also contains harmful substances such as nicotine, tobacco and tar. These substances will not only affect the one who smoke but also people in his surroundings. The worst part is that people who breath in the smoke out from the smokers will gain more harm as the second handed smoke is more toxic. Besides, if someone always smoke in the restaurant, customers will decrease and will not come eventually as no one would like to have their meal in a polluted environment. After some time, the restaurant could also be closed due to the lack of customers. In conclusion, smoking should be banned at all restaurants for the sake of all customers that come to the restaurant. 
 I could not agree more on this, smoking should be completely and utterly banned at all the restaurants in the country, even bistros or hawker stalls. First of all, it should be clear by now, to almost everyone, the hazardous effect of smoking. Smoking can seriously damage the airway of the human body. Many heavy smokers were found to have a narrower C column (the airway in the throat area) compared to non-smokers. This increases the risk of choking whenever particles accidentally enter the pathway. The alveolus that were damaged work with less efficiency, resulting in insufficient oxygen and excess amounts of carbon hydroxide and carbon monoxide which cause diseases such as bronchitis and lung cancer. What is even more pressing is that these hazardous health effects are even more serious in the case of individuals who are exposed to second-hand smoke compared to that of first-hand smokers. It is unethical and immoral to jeopardize one's and others' greatest assets bestowed by the heavens to us – our body.
	Next, it is unethical to smoke in the restaurant because this not only ruins the savory of customers towards the food but also makes one lose the appetite to eat anything at all. The smell of smoke lingering in the air upsets the nose of customers who are trying to breathe in the fragrance from the food. It feels like someone poured water onto the sandcastle that you or someone else had just built. It is incredibly infuriating and frustrating. Negative emotions will well up within one person. Then, some even lose their appetite the moment they walk into the restaurant only to smell the burning tobacco. This makes restaurants lose customers and creates a bad reputation and image for themselves, in the long run, no doubt it will suffer losses financially. 
 Yes, I partially agree with the statement smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, smoking is a habit that harm to our body and will cause health problem such as lung cancer, and brain cancer. Smoking in a restaurant is a selfish habit that affect the smokers himself and the people in the surroundings. For example, a restaurant usually is a closed area without a good air circulation, if the smokers smoke at the place, the smoke produced by the smoker will release to the air in the restaurant. In this way, the people in the restaurant will inhale the smoke released by the smoker. In fact, the secondary smokers having more critical effect on health compared to the primary smokers. For this reason, the smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. 
But in the perspective of the business of the restaurant, completely banned the smoking will reduce the business and income of the restaurant. For example, if the smoking is prohibited in the restaurant, when the smokers having the urge to smoke, they will go outside the restaurant and smoke. In a long-term effect, the smokers will not tend to go to the restaurant to having their meal and significantly reduce the business and income of the restaurant. 
In short, completely banned smoking at all the restaurants in the country having benefit and disbenefit to public. In my opinion, I partially agree with the statement. 
 Smoking brings a lot of bad health problems to smokers themselves, but also affects the people surrounding them. In fact, there are lots of smokers who do not care about the people surrounding them and just smoke wherever they like, a restaurant is one of the places they like to smoke. In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
First, restaurant is a closed area, which should be clean for any people to dine in. If someone smokes there, the smoke will pollute the environment, causing the dishes to be polluted and affects the appetite of other consumers. Also, the surrounding will also become bad smell. It will be a big problem for the owner to clean up the restaurant.
Second, if anyone smokes in the restaurant, other consumers will inhale the second-hand smoke, causing significant damage to the health. If the victims are toddlers or old people, it will cause additional health problems. They have no way to hide while they are eating, but only finish their meal faster and get away as soon as possible. 
All in all, smokers should always be aware of their surroundings before they want to smoke. Not only restaurants, I hope smoking should be completely banned at any indoor, including cinema, library etc. 
Yes, I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. This is because smoking not only produces harmful substances to the restaurant's environment but also it will affect the other customer's experiences in the restaurant. For your information, cigarette smoke contains harmful substances that can cause harm to our health such as nicotine, tar, carcinogenic compound, carbon monoxide, etc. When someone smoke in restaurant, it will produce white coloured vapor that consist of carcinogenic compound and carbon monoxide that may be absorbed by other people in the restaurant. The smoke that consists of carbon monoxide and other harmful substances may cause health issue for other people around the smoker as well such as lung problem, asthma, and also other lung problem. Research stated that people who absorbed the smoke released from the smoker has high probability of getting health problem such as lung cancer when compared to the smoker itself. This had proven that smoking can not only harm smoker itself but also the people around him. Furthermore, smoking will produce unpleasant smell that may affect other people's eating experiences in the restaurant. The unpleasant smell may cause the customer to feel uncomfortable when having their food in the restaurant and eventually caused the customer having a bad image about the restaurant. 
In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. As we know, smoking brings a lot of cons to human's health and cause a lot of chronic diseases such as bronchitis and lungs cancer. Statistically, the fatality of these chronic diseases is considered at high level as large number of smokers passed away every year. Owing to these reason, smoking should be avoided by everyone to secure their health. Moreover, restaurant is the public place where people gather and eating. Smoking in public area undoubtedly a selfish behaviour as it brings a larger impact on people who don't smoke due to the secondary smokes. 'Secondary smokers' is referred to a person who inhales the air with smoke exhaled by primary smoker and usually the impact on secondary smokers is larger then primary. As what we can see on news, there is a lot of death due to the lungs cancers even though they are not a smoker. However, most of them stayed in a same condition where their family and friends are smokers. These cases have shown that, the damages don't limit to the smokers themselves but also to the closed contacts. So, smoking in restaurant should be banned to protect customers' health and secure a safety environment to enjoy the food.
I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurants in the country. This should not be a debate at all in the first place, because smoking is a danger and it endangered others life as well. The people who inhale the smoke might as well exposed to chemicals that will degrade their life quality. As much as smoking need to be banned in the restaurant, it is as well need to be band all over the country but it is also a dream made unarchived because it is impossible to be done. The addictive in the cigar make them unable to stop smoking and making this a habit will jeopardize their life and their beloved. There are so many cases reported on the disbenefits of smoking but still people do smoke in order to claim the relaxation they will get, the momentarily satisfaction that will eventually begone when their cigar burned to ashes. Smoking in the restaurant is not an option to make. They should control themselves from exhibiting danger and discomfort to the public as most of the people cannot stand the smell of the cigar they smoke and exhale. Why would people do that? Some sense needed to be knocked into them, such as giving compound for those who do so which may include penalty for them for breaking others comfort zone and endangering their life to be exposed carcinogen and so much chemicals that may put our precious life in danger. To conclude, smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in the country.
I totally agree with the statement of  smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country . Firstly, smoking kills people and people around them. Secondhand smokers can also get sick easily by just inhaling the smoke. Furthermore, restaurants are public eating places where all humans from various ages and backgrounds gather in an area to enjoy their food. People who have chronic diseases, elderly and babies could probably have difficult time to breathe the oxygen with the smoke around, not to mention healthy people as well. This issue has been debated for various times. It is significant for smokers to acknowledge that there are people that uncomfortable to be around them. Smokers are still allowed to smoke in the designated area. We, as a society respects that smokers need to smoke, and the smoker's community also need to respect that there are only certain places that they can smoke. Mutual understanding is vital in this matter as individual's health is the main priority. To summarise, I hope the government will tighten the law of smoking at the restaurants. Higher penalty should be given to people who failed to abide the law. All in all, smokers should not be permitted to smoke at the dining places, regardless indoor or outdoor. 
In this new globalization, the world is still tried to solve the problem of smoking especially at restaurant. Ministry of Health Malaysia have done a lot of rules and regulation to prevent smoking at restaurant. Some smokers pretend to not follow it. The last resort from my opinion is to banned the smoking at all the restaurant in the country. Firstly, smoking at the restaurant can cause uncomfortable smell as the smoke from the cigarette interrupt some customers to eat. People just want to have enjoy moment when eating and when interrupted with something unpleasant, there are no enjoy of it. Furthermore, as stated from Ministry of Health Malaysia, third party smoker, which is the person who do not smoke but inhale the smoke from cigarette, tend to get lung cancer due to high content of carcinogen. In cigarette, a lot of toxic chemicals exist and can cause a lot of illness such as asthma, sore throat and others. Thus, cigarette should be banned at all restaurant so that customers can enjoy food and have happy moment together. In conclusion, smoking should be banned at all restaurant in the country because this can help customers to enjoy their foods and drinks, socializing and uninterrupted with unpleasant smells. Banning smoking will also reduce the possibility of people to get sick as smoking can cause a lot of illness. 
 Whenever we pass by driving here and there on the streets, we can often saw people holding on a lighted cigarette standing to pass time. However, there are still no strong legislation found in the country to banned smoking at restaurants. Thus, there are several reasons why the smokers are not welcomed at the restaurants in the country.

Firstly, one of the reasons is due to smoking can affects the health of not only the smokers but also the other customers at the restaurant. For outdoor restaurant, the wind could help blow away the smoke from the smokers. However, the situation get worse for indoor restaurant as the air circulation in indoor restaurant is through air-conditioning, in which the smoke would keep circulating in the same space. 
Besides, by allowing smoking at the restaurant will not benefits the customers from the business vision. As restaurants are opting to attract people, which includes families and large group of people. The ingredients found in the cigarette such as nicotine, are harmful to the human lungs especially for the babies as their lungs have not been fully develop. 
Next, smoking costs a lot, be it to the smoker or the owner of a restaurant. A cigarette costs almost two meals in Malaysia on a daily basis. While for the restaurant owner, they need to take out extra money to clean and install air-filtration machines for the sake of health. 

Overall, smoking should not be allowed at all the restaurant in the country as smoking is costly, affects the health of the customers and will decrease the revenue of the restaurant. I agree with the statement where smoking should be completely banned at all of the restaurant in the country due to the reasons stated above. 
 
I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. As we know, a cigarette is made of tobacco and nicotine, and the burning of these chemicals will release a type of toxic gas. Thus, smoking is bad for health and it may cause lung cancer. However, when there are people start to smoke at eating places, it will harm other customers and disturb their eating experience. Smoking will lead to breathing difficulties for other customers as they can be called the  second smoker . They will inhale the toxic gas and then further damage their lungs more severely than the first smoker. In the restaurants, there will be also kids having their meals over there. Even if the adults cannot withstand the smoke from the burning cigarette, their kids have a lower immunity towards cigarette smoke. The kids will be infected by lung diseases from a young age which inhibits their growth. A restaurant is a place where we have our meals, not a place for smoking. The government has already provided smoking areas for smokers, however, there are still some irresponsible people who intend to smoke in the prohibited area. In conclusion, smoking should not be carried out in an open area with crowded people as it will harm others' health.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. As everyone know, smoking brings a lot of disadvantages to one's health and it will affects the others' health as well. Imaging that you are going out with friends to have a dinner in a restaurant, you are having a good time with your friends during the dinner, and the smokes coming from the table beside you are ruining the moment, you start to cough, and the taste of the food is affected by the smoke. This situation is happening at most of the restaurants in Malaysia, even there is a sign written that 'smoking is prohibited in this area'. The smokers themselves do not really care about the others, and some will be offensive and started to talk aggressively while people around them are requesting on stop smoking. Smokers are addicted to the nicotine and other drugs inside the smoke, and they cannot really stop themselves from smoking. Hence, the enforcement on banning smoking at all restaurants in Malaysia can be the first step to reduce the dosage of the smoke taken by the smokers, and this can reduce the exposure of the second-hand smoke to the public. 
Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, I completely agree to this statement because smoking is always not a good thing to do especially in public place like restaurant. Nowadays, there are many stubborn smokers who likes to ignore the reminder or notice in every restaurant and proceed to smoke for their own enjoy and pleasure. These scenes should not be happened in every country in the sense that there is already a place provided for them to smoke legally. Smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country because smoking not only have an impact on the smoker but also to the people near them. For example, Uncle Pang always smoke during his lunch together with his family in local restaurants, but in the end , his wife and his son was diagnosed that they have weak lungs due to the secondary smoke they breath in. This is because the secondary smoke is more harmful than the original smoke. Smoking in restaurant should be banned because it brings many discomforts to public and other customers. If there is customer who has asthma in the restaurant, smoke may cause them to hurt their lungs and harm their health. Thus, smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country.
I disagree with the statement that smoking should be banned at all restaurant in the country. It is because we are living in a democracy environment where everyone has their freedom and right to live their own path. This restriction will only cause chaos and unfairness among the smoking population. Instead, I feel that smoking zone can be set up at every corner of the street to avoid problematic issues. This may resolve the angry voices through peaceful initiatives. Besides, I do not believe that smoking should not be banned at all restaurants can be a cure to inhibit the rising population of smoking groups in the country. Some of the useful approaches will be introducing electronics cigarettes, lowering gum prices and setting up awareness campaign to promote healthy lifestyle. Although the period will be intensively long, I believe that smoking will be eradicated in the long run. Moreover, all the restaurants should also provide clear instruction and warning to the customer on smoking and non smoking zones in the premises. This guideline can be imperative and helpful for non smoking group to avoid the zone easily. On the other hand, some of the people believe that prohibiting smoking can reduce long exposure of secondhand smoke to the employee. This can greatly improve the health quality and overall well-being. However, I believe that employee should have the responsibility to conduct some research on their job choices thoroughly. In short, everyone should decide pro and cons based on their personal preferences.
I absolutely agree if this rule is implemented in the country. Smokers have to realize that not all people are used to being exposed with cigarettes smoke and not all non-smokers can stand the irritating smell of tobacco as the smoke tends to linger on clothes and hairs. Most of non-smokers are usually not comfortable when they are surrounded with smokers, as smoking not only leads to health problems for the smoker, but also for people close by. Smokers' decision to smoke in public places especially restaurants is such a selfish decision and it is simply not fair to impose harm upon another person. Furthermore, restaurants are usually the place for people to gather around in wide range of age, from babies to elderly person. Babies and elderly person are prone to get life threatening diseases due to the cigarette smoke as their immune system is weak. In addition, smoking in front of children may be a bad influence on them. Children tend to imitate what they see and are easily influenced by the action. The children will also perceive that smoking may be a good thing to do but it is not. Hence, the government needs to stricten the law regarding smoking in restaurants to guarantee a better environment.
I will definitely agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. It has been a topic of debate in the world that we live in as it impact on both customers and businesses. This essay will explore the negativity of smoking and why it should be banned in all restaurants. First and foremost, it can create an uncomfortable atmosphere to customers who are nonsmokers especially families with small children. It would not be nice to eat with the disturbance of cigarettes smoke. Hence by banning cigarettes it will create a comfortable atmosphere for customers to eat. Secondly, as we are all aware cigarette itself is harmful and being exposed as a secondhand smoker is even worse. Thus, it must be banned to ensure a healthier dining experience. Lastly, smoking in restaurants can lead to cleanliness issues. This happens when smokers tend to dispose their cigarettes butts on the floor, which will not just affect the image of the restaurant but the hygiene as well. By preventing people from smoking within the premise, cleanliness can be achieved. In conclusion, it is essential to ban smoking in/at restaurants to ensure the comfort and health of customers when dining in.
Yes, I agree. I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants because people at the restaurant can be very uncomfortable with the smoke and some smokers do not have any consciousness in public. For example, some of them will just smoke in front of others and people who have health problems, especially those who have a respiratory problem, will suffocate when they smell the smoke. Next, it can reduce the population of people who have a smoking related illness. This is because some of the hospitals do not have enough staff to cover all the patients at once. For example, they need to focus more on other patients who have cancer or serious health problems. Last but not least, smoking should be banned because it can have a bad influence on younger generations. In this generation, some of them, especially teenagers, would like to try everything what they see. If they try, they will get a health problem at a such young age. Instead of bringing a bad influence, it is better to be a role model for younger generations. For example, have a nice body and a good lifestyle. This is because young generations tend to know how you have a nice body and how your lifestyle is like. Just with it, they will follow in your steps and make you a role model. In conclusion, I would really appreciate it if smoking could be completely banned at all restaurants or any places because it would bring a healthy environment and people will be happy ever after.
 Smoking is a negative activity that is not unfamiliar in our county. Despite that, it had been a normal habit among the public, especially in men. Some people strongly agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Same goes for me, I agree that smoking should be banned especially in a place that is crowded with many people. There are a few reasons why I stand with my opinion. Firstly, smoking will increase the data of health issues in our country. In the restaurant, there are many people which consist of women and children which will harm their body and cause diseases like respiratory problems and lung disease that may lead to death. Therefore, smoking should be banned in our country.  

Next is smoking will cause discomfort and annoyance to customers in the restaurant. Smokers will take their freedom to enjoy the food while having to smell the unhealthy smoke from cigarettes. The unpleasant feeling can make them feel threatened about their health.

The last one is, smoking might cause problems for the business. This is because it will lead to arguments between smoker and non-smoker. Not only that, the workers also will not be satisfied working in an unhealthy environment. If this continues, the restaurant will have to face bankruptcy due to losing customers and workers.

In a nutshell, we can see smoking has some negative effects toward people in our country. Although it is not easy to handle this problem, everyone in the country has to be responsible in preventing our health from any diseases. Thus, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. 
Yes, I completely agree with the statement above. The first reason is the smoke could affected other people health and could be very dangerous especially for people with chronic illness, senior citizens, pregnant women and children. Second-hand smoke could be very dangerous for the restaurant clients and the staffs when they exposed to the smoke. Next, smoking should be banned at restaurant also because it would be uncomfortable for other people in the same restaurant because of the smell. This can be very disturbing for people at the restaurant because they are eating, spending time with their family and having a good time. Smokers should be alert with their surrounding to make sure that they are not making other people uneasy. Moreover, smokes from cigarettes would pollute the environment especially closed area place such as restaurant. It will make the restaurant not suitable to dine in because the ventilation is full of the smoke. . Other than that, smoke from the cigarettes also could affected other clients health, for example, restaurant's clients that had asthma chronic. This kind of situation will affected the client's health issues and could lead to death. As a responsible citizen, smokers should be alert and take note where is the suitable place to smoke without threatening other people health and moments.
Yes, I totally agree with this statement. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. We all know, smoking is not good for our health. It give a really bad effection for our body in the future. The smoke from the cigarettes very not good at all for our children especially for the babies. Smoking will affect the heart and it lead to serious heart disease. Once they already have heart disease, they no longer have healthy lungs. it will look bad and dirty in it. They will easily feel difficult to breath. Other than that, their blood vessels will be under pressure. Another point why smoking should be banned at all restaurant in the world is, the smell of rotten cigarette smoke can make people angry and feel uneasy while they enjoy their free time. They can't eat peacefully with their family and friends if they keep smelling something bad and smoky. Otherwise, smoking at the public also can be catogarized as vandalism. The reason is, after they already finished smoking, they will definitely just throw it away all over the place. Being unresponsible by their own action. That's why all the country in this world should banned smoking in the restaurant.
In my opinion, I agree with the statement above because if some people smoke at the restaurants it will disturb other customer to enjoy their meal. The reason is scent of the cigarettes contain many dangerous and toxic ingredients in that. Moreover, if the nonsmokers inhale the scent of the cigarette it will turn them into passive smoker. Other than that, cigarettes have many disadvantages for people too. The disadvantages are first people will waste their money by buying the cigarette because they are addicted since cigarettes have nicotine in it to make the smoker become more addicted. Next, cigarette will cause disease like lung cancer, miscarriage for the pregnant woman and heart diseases since it have carbon dioxide and monoxide. Besides, the cigarette can causes pollution because cigarette cannot easily dispose and some of the unresponsiblity people throw the cigarette stub anywhere. The government should take action immediately to keep the people live in healthy and clean country environment. Besides, the government will spend no subsidy to import the cigarette since cigarette is ban in the country. The government can set up fine and compound to people that smoke in this country in order to keep the people free from nicotine according to the disease that increase year by year because of cigarette.
Yes, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants. As we know, smoking is an issue that has become a major concern in our society, especially in restaurants. In this context, the restaurant is a common place where families gather to enjoy food. First of all, banning smoking at restaurants is an important step in creating a healthy family environment. By being smoke-free, we can protect our children from the dangers of cigarette smoke, especially young children who are exposed to cigarette smoke have a higher risk of suffering from respiratory disorders, such as asthma, pneumonia and lung cancer. Besides, it can protect non-smokers from being exposed to the negative effects of cigarette smoke. It is because non-smokers often become victims of smoking in restaurants. For example, a customer who is not a smoker sits next to the table of an active smoker, they have to inhale the cigarette smoke that comes out of the table. Consequently, this disrupts the customer's comfort while eating at the restaurant. On top of that, banning smoking at restaurants can also be a motivating factor for smokers to quit smoking or reduce the use of cigarettes. By creating a smoke-free environment, smokers may find it difficult to continue their smoking habit. This can be a reflection for them to stop smoking or find a healthier alternative. In conclusion, this smoking bans allows customers to breathe clean air and enjoy food without interruption.
Yes, I agree. As what all have known, smoking is really dangerous not only to the smokers, but it also affects the people around them. Restaurants are mostly enclosed space, which means it has no suitable ventilation to air out the smoke. This will harm people inside the restaurants, especially kids and old folks since they are the more vulnerable to the smoke. Inhaling the smoke can give people bad effects such as cough, asthma, or worse, heart attack. There have been cases where passive smokers are more likely affected by the smoke. On the other hand, the smoke can also contaminate the food and might cause food poisoning to the visitors. Thus, the restaurants' managers should put up a no smoking sign at their premises so that people can be aware of their actions. Other than that, the authorities should take appropriate actions if there are people who refuses to smoke outside of the restaurants by compounding them. Hence, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it literally brings no good to the society, other than harms. Smokers should also have common senses when it comes to smoking at an eating area, and they should go and smoke at a more open space or a designated area for smoking.
 
Yes, I'm totally agreed with the statement about smoking should be completely banned at all restaurant in the country. They should banned smoking in the restaurant because smoking will make restaurant environment become unhealthy and dangerous for people in the restaurant. Smoking will produced carbon dioxide from the smoke of tobaccos and spread out to people in the restaurant badly.Pasive smoker will get more side effect compared to real smoker because the smoke will contribute a lot of diseases to them such as lungs cancer, lips become dark and dry and many more side effect from smoking.Furthermore,smoking in the restaurant can cause a problem to the restaurant operation. For example,the restaurant will lacks of customers because smoking can cause people around hard to breath and mostly people hated smoke especially indoor restaurant. Next point is smoking should banned in all restaurant because they are dangerous for baby in the restaurant. Smoking actually proved by health government about dangerous for health especially in the restaurant who had baby as their customer. Parents will avoid their child from eating at the restaurant that had a lot of smoker because they are dangerous to child especially baby.In other perspective is smoking should banned in the restaurant because smoke from tobacco actually can effects the foods at the restaurant become dangerous and poisoning to people .It is because smoke can make food texture become bad and unhealthy when the smoke and foods unite together  from the air . 
 I totally agree with that. It's because smoking in public areas, especially restaurants, makes you appear rude and disrespectful. Not only that, but everyone around you might hate you for it. For example, even your closest relatives, such as your own daughter, could be affected. Besides, exposing them to the dangerous smell of your cigarette smoke can harm their health, particularly pregnant women. A study done by University of Malaya found that the smoke from ciggarate can cause harm or malformation to the fetus. .

Moreover, the quality of the air is also affected. Nowadays, air pollution is really bad, and just by smelling it, you can end up coughing. Finally, your friends might abandon you because of this habit. Those who dislike smokers will mock you for smoking and constantly advise you against it, as they are aware of its negative impact on health.

In conclusion, smoking should always be banned in all restaurants.Smoking has many bad effects. It can make people think you're rude, and it can harm the health of others. It also makes the air dirty and can make friendships difficult. That's why it's important to have places where smoking is not allowed, so everyone can feel safe and happy. 
 The statement  smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country , I totally agree with this statement.  Smoking is a severe health risk that leads to a variety of diseases and medical issues. To protect all people from the negative impacts of smoking, many countries have banned smoking in public areas. But in several countries, smoking continues to be accepted in restaurants. I think smoking should be totally stopped in all restaurants throughout the entire country.
        Smoking at restaurants can be damaging for both smokers and non-smokers. When someone smokes at a restaurant, the smoke expands the environment and exposes customers to indirect smoke. Lung cancer, heart disease, and asthma are just a few of the health issues caused by indirect smoke. Vomiting and headaches, indirect smoke could have such symptoms in non-smokers.
        By making it difficult to smoke in public areas, more people will choose to stop smoking. Additionally, it reduces the risk of exposure to indirect smoke, potentially stopping the growth of multiple illnesses and medical problems. In addition to making it easier for people to breathe fresh air, the prohibition on smoking in restaurants may also encourage smoke-free environments.
        Finally, smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants across the entire country. By reducing exposure to indirect smoke, the ban will lead to the health protection of smokers and non-smokers as well. It will be easier for people to breathe fresh air according to the smoking prohibition in restaurants, which will have lots of positive effects on public health. As a result, it's critical that the government establish a prohibition on smoking in public places in order to create an atmosphere in which everyone can live comfortably. 
      I strongly agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country because smoking is a harmful habit that puts both smokers and non-smokers at considerable risk for health problems. The problems will affect others is health risks from passive smoking, protecting restaurant staff, and raising awareness of social responsibility and the public.
     First, it is impossible to ignore the risks to a person's health caused by smoking and passive smoking. The negative effects of second-hand smoke on human health, including an increased risk of heart disease, cancer, and asthma, have been shown by many scientific research. The health of everyone would be protected by a comprehensive smoking ban in restaurants, will give a better environment for everybody.
     Second, we should care about restaurant staff because they spend so much time in restaurant where smoking is permitted. The restaurant's staff should work in a risk-free, healthful environment that is free of pollutants. Restaurant employees' health would be safeguarded by an entire ban on smoking, which would also show that employers care about their health.
     Lastly, raising awareness of social responsibility and the public is something that we should do to encourages that smoking is a bad habit and that the public's health comes before personal choice. A strong sense of social responsibility would be shown by such a ban, proving that society is concerned in protecting people's health. As a result, this may help the restaurant sector grow and maintain its reputation as a source of safety and healthy food.
     In conclusion, a complete ban on smoking in restaurants is required to protect the public's health, provide safe environments for restaurant staff, and demonstrate social responsibility. 
 Yes , I'm totally agreed with this statements. Smoking should be banned  at all restaurants across the country. Smoking is a severe health risk, and forcing nonsmokers to breathe in secondhand smoke is unjust. Secondhand smoke has been linked to cancer, heart disease, and other health issues. It is extremely dangerous to youngsters and pregnant women.
There are numerous reasons why smoking in restaurants should be prohibited. For starters, it is harmful to nonsmokers' health. Cancer, heart disease, stroke, lung disease, and other health problems can all be caused by secondhand smoke. It can also raise the chance of neonates dying from sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS). Third, smoking causes fires. Cigarettes are easily ignitable, and smoking in restaurants raises the risk of a fire. Fourth, smoking is inconvenient. Being among smokers can be unpleasant, and it can make it difficult to enjoy a meal.
A smoking ban in restaurants would be a step in the right direction for public health. Nonsmokers would be protected from the negative effects of secondhand smoke, and restaurants would be a more pleasant place to eat.In addition to the health dangers, smoking in restaurants has a significant environmental impact. Cigarette butts contribute significantly to trash and can damage streams and soil. A smoking ban would help to reduce cigarette litter while also improving the environment.
I believe that the benefits of prohibiting smoking in restaurants outweigh the disadvantages. A smoking ban would protect the health of nonsmokers, improve the atmosphere, and make restaurants a more pleasant place to eat. I strongly urge you to support a smoking ban in your city or state. 
 In my personal opinion, I don't agree with that statement and not all the restaurant should be banned from smoking.The reason is that behaviour are individual freedom and choice.To justify, opponents of a smoking have the freedom to make their won choices and including whatever or not to smoke.They believe that ban a infringes upon personal liberty and interferes with the rights of smokers to enjoy their habit in public spaces.Furthermore, i disagree with that because business impact can happend.Some argue that banning smoking in restaurants could have a negative impact on businesses,particularly smaller establishments.They claim that smoking petrons may choose to eat elsewhere it hey cannot smoke,leading to potential financial losses for restaurants.Not just that,instead of an outright ban, proponents of smoking suggest the establishment of designated smoking areas or improved ventilation systems in restaurants.They argue that this would allow non-smokers to avoid secondhand smoke while still accommondating  smokers.Moreover, it is for custumer preference.To be more clear, critics of smoking bans contend that some customers may actually prefer establishments that allow smoking. They argue that by catering to the preferences of both smokers and non-smokers,businesses can provide a wider range  of options to atrract and retain customers.lastly,it is enforcement challenges.Opponents of smoking bans also raise concerns about practicality and enforcement of such measures.they also argue that it may be difficult to monitor and enforce a ban effectively, potentially placing an additional burden on restaurant owners and staff.To sum up everything,while it is essential to promote a smoke-free environtment and discourage smoking due to its harmful effects,it is equally important to approach the issue with empathy,understanding, and a non- judgemental mindset.By doing it, we can foster a more inclusive and supportive society.
 
Smoking could lead dangerous impact to our health. I'm totally agree that smoking should completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. From my experience, smokers feel they want to vomit after ate. So that, they will smoke at their table and doesn't care about their surroundings even with their that don't like the cigarettes smell.  The customers also feel not comfortable at restaurant with smoke surrounding them. Especially they bring their children to the restaurant. The parents do not want their children get sick because of the smoking effect. Restaurant also played their role to prevent the smoking occurs at the restaurant by showing the signboard of no smoking in the restaurant. The cigarettes contain a lot of dangerous chemical ingredients. The ingredients make smokers feel addicted to smoke more cigarettes. Smoking at restaurants shows that, person does not have common sense to environmental. Customers who saw people smoke at restaurants; they should report it to the Malaysia Health Department to fine them for smoking at restaurants. Everyone should play their role to prevent people smoking at restaurants that will brings healthy environment for us. It will show to the world that our country free from smoking that could have an impact on to our healthy. 
 Yes, I'm agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. They have many reasons that why smoking should be banned. For the first reason is smoking can affect people who sit around the smoker or the synonym name that called a passive smoker. When they inhale the smoke from cigarette it can have a same effect like the smoker. Its happen because the chemical that people inhale the smoke and it will be dangerous to people, especially pregnant women that also can affect their baby. Research from KKM said a Passive smoker also can have a same effect like the smoker.IN that case we should banned smoking around the restaurant.    
        Other than that smoke around the restaurant will make the bad environment around the restaurant. Why smoke around restaurant make the bad environment it is because when they smoking around people that eat it will make the other person turn off to eat their food. People come to restaurant to enjoy the food and not to be a passive smoker that will affect their life.    
        Last but not least, it will give bad influencer to a child. As we known restaurant is a public place and when an elder smoking around the restaurant the children will saw that and they will have a thought to try smoking. It's can be dangerous to them and it will make a habit because smoking since children. In conclusion, smoking at the public place such as restaurant is a wrong and need to be banned. It's just not effected the smoker it's also effected to people and the enviroment. People who smoke can smoking far away from restaurant. If the still smoke around the restaurant, authorities can compound them. 
 Yes, I agree with the statement above. The first reason is because it will make people uncomfortable. If there are people smoking in a restaurant, the smoke will go everywhere. They will smell the bad smell of the smoke. The customers at the restaurant will feel uncomfortable. They are also many people that will feel dizzy and want to puke if the smell the cigarettes smoke. They would not be able to eat and enjoy their food in peace because of the smoke. 
 The second reason is regarding health issue. People that inhale the cigarettes smoke is consider as a second-hand smoker. They may get disease regarding their lung.  Although they do not smoke by themselves it will put their health in danger because of other person action. Imagine if our family is the victim. What would we feel about it? Sounds outrageous right. The baby is the one that will be affected badly if they inhale the smoke. Many cases have been stated that baby died because of the cigarettes smoke. They are also some that survive but will be sick for the rest of their life. I do no think it is fair because they need to be a victim because of other people action.  
 In conclusion, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it brings harm to everyone. 
 
Agree, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As everyone knowledge, everyone should know that smoking in the restaurant with the 'do not smoking' sticker is certainly banned and a person who violated this issue needs to pay the fine. However, despite this statement, there are still a lot of people who ignore the issue because of the lack of common sense. Smoking while other people are eating in the restaurant is a big no because the smell and smoke release from the smoking does make other people uncomfortable. Not to mention the aftereffects to the other people who smell it are more severe than the person who smokes. It is getting more troublesome and annoying for a family with children and baby. As someone who went to the restaurant to enjoy the cuisine alongside with a family, it is very annoying to face these problems because we prioritize our health and expect to have a good dining with a healthy environment. Thus, people with zero common sense that smoking in the dining area should be more aware with other people thought since restaurant is a place to eat. To sum up, every restaurant should prepare a smoking area to prevent uneasiness while a customer eats. 
I am very agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. This is because second-hand smoke could be dangerous to restaurant clients who do not smoke, and to wait staff who must be exposed to the smoke. Second-hand smoke could be externality that makes dining unpleasant for nearby non-smokers. This is definitely true for me, I would avoid restaurants that allowed the smoking for no reason. It can also male me uncomfortable when someone smoke near me because I hate the smokes very much. Smokes are very dangerous for non-smokers especially people who have heart disease and the babies who have asthma. The smoke can causes difficult breathing and can lead to fatality. The restaurants authority can ask the smokers to smoke outside the restaurant to make other customers comfortable when enjoying their meals at the restaurant. Some argue that small businesses may suffer. But smoking costs employers money, as a smoky environment increases the rate of absenteeism among staff and decrease productivity. There is a price to pay, but in the long run ban would be in everyones best interest. What it all boils to is the fact that smokers have the right to smoke. Yes, it may bother some, but that is what a democratic society is about compromise. Under existing laws, restaurant must provide smoking and non-smoking sections. I think that is the best solution.
 World is fully with many types of persons. There are people who knows to act accordingly in every situation and some do not even think about that. Smoking is definitely banned in public place. It has been authorised in the government and even the act had been shows. Every stall in this country has put a sign with  no smoking  as a warning to customers. I strongly agree that with the statement smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
	The reasons why I agree is smoking can give uncomfortable socialism at public. A smoker will give a smell to the other customers at the restaurants because of the smoke. Because of that, they cannot eat properly and felt disturbing. This action can provoke the eager of other customer at the place. All of the person at restaurants has a right to eat comfortably as they paid for it. It is reasonable for smoking to be banned at the restaurants.
	Other than that, smoking is such an appropriate attitude as a human being. Smoker will be labelled as a selfish person because they do not care about others person. Public place has a lot of people in different level of health. Some of them must has asthma with is dangerous for them when smell the smoke. They tend not to be considerable to others person when they smoke. In addition, the dust from the cigarettes will only spoil the restaurants. It shows that smoking just given negative impact to the social environment.
	In conclusion, cigarettes are not something allowed but it has been norm to every person especially a man. 
    I agree with that statement because the government has also made a law not to smoke at restaurants, so people must obey the law that has been made. Studies have found that people who smoke cigarettes will not live long because it is harmful to health.  Some reason why smoking should be banned at restaurants is to say no to cigarette smoke. By banning smoking in restaurants, it will be able to avoid harmful chemicals. As we know, cigarettes have dangerous ingredients including tobacco. So, it is very important to ban smoking at restaurant. Second, respect for people who don't smoke at restaurants. Do not endanger other non-smokers to become passive smokers just because of your selfishness. They have the right to eat their food in clean air that is free from smoke. Lastly, people at the restaurant is consist of various ages, it is important for smokers to not smoke there because it is possible that other people will feel like want to trying smoking, especially teenagers who have the desire to try something new. In conclusion, society needs to have common sense and know which places are free to smoke and which place that is not appropriate to smoke cigarettes, let us not spread a bod surrounding to others. Respect other people, don't be selfish just for self-interest.
 Yes, I do agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country because it will leave bad effects on human beings, especially secondhand smoke. For example, it will lead to heart disease, lung cancer, and respiratory issues. By doing so, we can reduce all of the diseases caused by smoke and have a better surroundings. Next is the air pollution that has been so harmful caused by smokers around the restaurant. For instance, I usually get mad when there's a baby and some smokers still smoking near the baby's place. By banning the smoke around the restaurant customers can enjoy their food peacefully. Besides, it can avoid fires that will burn all of the restaurants and will kill people because there have some materials that easily burn such as gas tanks, fabrics, and many more. Subsequently, when the restaurant is noticeably smoke-free, it promotes the business. Furthermore, families with children, the elderly, or someone with a health problem would prefer to go to a free-of-smoke restaurant than others just for good. Last but not least, it can prevent a confrontation between customers or employees because certain nasty things happen, such as tossing cigarettes all over the place. This way, we can avoid such an occurrence and everyone can enjoy their meals joyfully. In conclusion, smoking really leave lots of rotten effects on human beings. So as a community that lives in the same universe, we should take responsibility to take care of each other.
 Smoking is sucking cigarettes and make smoke. I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country because low hygiene in serving food, uncomfortable condition to other people, and disease.
Firstly, all restaurants should completely be banned in country because less hygiene for food. The dust of smoking will affect the hygiene quality taste of beverages. For example, chef not wash their dirty hand after smoking that have dust of cigarettes and make less hygiene in serving food and beverages.
Secondly, smoking will create uncomfortable condition to other people that's make smoking should be banned at all restaurant in country. Smoke from cigarettes will create uncomfortable smell that will make others customers at restaurant less their appetite to eat. As an illustration, the family as customer at the restaurant feel off to eat and distracted with smoke and bad smell from smokers near with them.
Thirdly, smoking should completely banned at all restaurant in country because smoking can give disease. In generally, lung disease is a major disease cause by smoke of cigarettes from smoker.  The passive smokers like the other people that sit in near distance with smokers will have more higher potential to get disease like asthma, lung disease, and bronchitis. As an example, child that have low body immune  system easy to affect their health like get asthma when near with smokers. 
 Smoking is a well-known health issue that endangers both smokers and nonsmokers. To preserve public health and promote a healthy atmosphere, smoking must be fully prohibited in all restaurants across the country.
To begin with, a full prohibition on smoking in restaurants would greatly benefit public health. Secondhand smoking has been linked to a variety of respiratory and cardiovascular disorders. Nonsmokers would be safeguarded from the negative effects of secondhand smoke if smoking was prohibited in restaurants, resulting in a healthier eating experience for everybody. 
Second, removing smoking from restaurants would increase consumer pleasure. The presence of smoke while dining out deters many individuals, both nonsmokers and those who have stopped smoking. A smoke-free environment would draw more consumers, especially families and individuals who enjoy a clean, healthy environment. This, in turn, would stimulate and contribute to the restaurant industry's growth.
Finally, a smoking ban in restaurants would be economically beneficial. Employees who are healthier will take fewer sick days, resulting in greater production. Additionally, the expenditures for maintaining designated smoking places, ventilation systems, and cleaning smoke-related residues would be reduced. These cost savings might be used to improve food quality, service, and the entire customer experience.
Finally, a comprehensive ban on smoking in all restaurants is critical for the general public's health. Such a prohibition would promote a better and more pleasurable eating experience for everybody by prioritising public health, offering a smoke-free atmosphere, and reaping economic rewards. It is critical that the government take urgent action to implement and enforce this prohibition, encouraging a smoke-free culture and protecting people's health in our community. 
I agree with the statement that said,  Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. . There are a lot of reason why smoking should be banned. Firstly. smoking is dangerous for children. Research said,  people who smell someone smoking can get health problem easier than people who smoking . People who smoking is not only make his have health problem, but they also make people surrounding them have health problem. Example of health problem that we can get is, lungs infection. It is a serious health problem. Secondly who smoking should be banned is people will not feel comfortable to eat. For example, people like me don't like people who smoking, when I eat and someone there is smoking, I automatically will stop eating because I really can't smell the smoke. It was very rude because you do not respect other people. Nowadays government have acted to people who smoke in restaurants will get compound, but still there are a lot of people do not take it seriously. The smokers also have the tendecy to dispute with us for not allowing them to smoke. In conclusion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country for good health and have a great life in the future.
I agree with this statement. As everyone knows that cigarette smoke can give bad effects on body health not just for smokers but also for the people surrounding them which is their family, especially pregnant women, babies, and kids. As we know restaurant is a public places that a family come to have meals so completely banning smoking activities is such a great idea to prevent harm and reduce risk of the second-hand smoke. Besides, the bad effects of second-hand smoke are premature babies, asthma, and many more. People surrounding who do not smoke also preferred to be in a restaurant that is free from people smoking because they did not feel comfortable having a meal in the surrounding that fill with smoke. People who smoke maybe feel comfortable with them smoking and did not give them any bad effects immediately. Thus, cigarettes contain a lot of nicotine which is bad for the lungs and can make many more diseases in the smoker's body. Lastly, it is a good thing to permanently banned smoking at restaurants because it gives all negative effects on all the people in the restaurants and we want to have a healthy society so we can at least prevent unwanted diseases than cure them.
 I agree with the statement that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country. Smoking has become a habit in society, regardless of location. Smoking has also had a variety of negative effects on the ones around it, especially in the restaurants. There are several reasons why smoking should be banned in restaurants in every country such as there are customers with chronic diseases, cigarette smoke that can disturb others, and cigarette ash that can get into food.
First of all, smoking should be banned in restaurants because there are customers with chronic illnesses that we often fail to notice. For example, asthma can cause a person to have difficulty breathing, so smoking will have an effect on the respiratory system. As a result, smoking should be banned in order to protect people's health.
Second, smoking should be banned in restaurants because it is disruptive to others. A restaurant is a gathering place for many people regardless of age or youth. For example, smokers who smoke there will disturb the peace of other people who are eating, including children or babies who are still small with the unpleasant smell of the smoke. thus, cigarette smoke will make a person feel uneasy.
Finally, smoking should be banned in restaurants because cigarette ash can contaminate the food. Cigarettes are made from illegal chemicals that cause addiction and harm to one's health. For example, if a person smokes, the cigarette ash will spread and go into the food it could be harmful to us. This demonstrates why smoking should be banned as soon as possible.
To summarise, smoking has numerous disadvantages for smokers and nonsmokers that should be banned. As a result, the responsible party should issue orders and summonses to anyone who violates the order by smoking, especially in restaurants. 
 	I totally agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurant in the country. Smoking has long been significant public health concern, causing a diseases and effecting not only smokers but also those exposed to the smoke. smoking in restaurants should be banned because it gives a lot of harm to the environment and other customers in the restaurant. There are many reason why it should be banned such as make other customers uncomfortable, affects people's health and chemicals in cigarettes can spread into food.
	First, smoking in restaurants can make people around them uncomfortable to eat. they have to inhale cigarette smoke which can harm them. All people are affected by the smoke's smell, which may cause them to have no appetite to eat.
	Secondly, smoking in the restaurants can affect people health. Attacks of asthma and even cancer can result from passive smoking, which is breathing in smoke produced by smokers. Smoking is extremely deadly, especially for the elderly who already have a number of illnesses. They will endanger their health by being exposed to the poisons in cigarette smoke.
	Finally, chemicals in cigarettes can spread into food. smoking in restaurants will cause cigarette ash to enter the food around. This will also cause the chemicals in the cigarette to spread into the food.
	In conclusion, smoking in restaurants can cause many harms. therefore, smoking in restaurants should be banned because it can cause harm to others people and environment. By adopting such a ban, we can protect individuals from harmful effect of smoke and provide a more enjoyable dining experience. 
 yes, I agree. smoking is a harmful habit that poses severe health risks for people who smell cigarette smoke, it even happens to the smoker himself. Since long ago, it has been a tradition for all smokers to smoke in restaurants. but it has a very bad effect on the community that is nearby, especially on children and pregnant mothers. now it needs enforcement that restaurants are non-smoking places for everyone's comfort. 
First and foremost, a complete smoking ban in restaurants is necessary to safeguard public health. Scientific studies have found that is a severe disease or cancer caused by smoking habits. for example, lung cancer, heart disease, and respiratory problems.  The risk of exposure to second-hand smoke can be considerably decreased by outlawing smoking in restaurants, safeguarding both the health of patrons and staff. We must ensure that everyone lives in a secure and healthy environment.
second, smoking not only harms the health of smokers but also lowers the quality of the air in enclosed areas like restaurants. Cigarette smoke releases chemicals that can linger in the air for a very long time, resulting in poor indoor air quality. In small locations where ventilation may be restricted, this might be especially problematic. This problem can be resolved by outlawing smoking entirely within dining establishments, guaranteeing that patrons can breathe clean, fresh air while they dine.
lastly, by prohibiting smoking in these places, we can ensure clean air, lower the risk of illnesses brought on by second-hand smoke, and foster a healthy society. Making the health of workers, consumers, and future generations a priority is a critical step. Let's work to make eateries smoke-free and welcome a day when the public's health is put first. 
           We often heard that smokers want to quit smoking cigarettes, but most smokers do not. They gave a lot of excuses of why they do so. I absolutely agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country because not only cause harm to the smoker but to the people around them. I believe that smoking will causes many health problems as well as give bad influence to surrounding.

          First and foremost, smoking in public places will lead to health issues for both smokers and non-smokers. It affect almost every organ inside the body without us realizing it. For instance, anyone with a smoking habit are likely to have lung cancer, strokes and heart disease. The person who breathe the flames out from smokers will be affected as well. This means that, as a human being, we shall have tolerance and not being selfish just because of the addiction to cigarettes. 

          Moreover, smoking activities that happen in public give bad influence to the surrounding. This is because, people especially the youth or the children out there tend to think that smoking as a way to look cool or mature. Children tend to believe that it is just a normal behaviour when they see a man walking with cigarettes between the fingers but will harm them in the future. So, smokers should not take this as a joke and consider not too smoke in public spaces. 

          In conclusion, we can clearly see that smoking is a dangerous behaviour that kills people and give bad image to the younger generation. If possible to the smokers, quitting is the best idea to enjoy live happily with healthy environment.  
  Banning smoking is a controversional topic since many individuals vehemently support it while others reject it. Although it has been around for centuries and is illegal in many nations, public smoking is nevertheless permitted in many others. Personally, I strongly agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country.
Smoking should be banned at all the restaurant because smoking is bad for one's health. Lung cancer is the result, which ultimately results in death. Even while symptoms may not appear right away, it always does.  Active smokers often experience various illnesses like heart issues. The people surrounding the smoker are also impacted in addition to the smoker themselves. Smoking in public spaces should be completely banned because both active and passive smokers might become unwell.
Second, smoking is an addiction that affects people who do not smoke. Anything that develops into an addiction is by no means secure and it usually spreads swiftly. Influences from peer and workplace groups are frequently present when smoking habits are formed. When one spends a lot of time around smokers, it is relatively simple to start smoking. 
Finally, being around smokers makes non-smokers feel extremely agitated. Children, the elderly, and those who are pregnant find it challenging to acclimatise to a smoke-filled environment. It aggravates non-smokers of all ages. Public smoking need to be outlawed because it significantly increases irritability.
In conclusion, it has been suggested that the smoking prohibition in restaurants may encourage smokers to cut back on their usage. People might not be as driven to quit smoking if it were permitted to smoke in public places as they would be if it were prohibited. 
 Nowadays, we often hear that cigarettes can have serious harmful effects on individuals who like to smoke. Even so, smoking has become a habit in society currently. There are various negative effects that will be experienced by smokers and individuals who inhale cigarette smoke. I agree with the statement   smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in this country  . This is because it can deal with the risk of disease in the community.
Smoking will have negative effects such as the occurrence of chronic diseases. Chronic diseases such as lung cancer can occur because of smoking regularly. As we know, in cigarettes there are harmful substances such as nicotine. This has resulted in smokers becoming addicted to smoking and finding it difficult to quit smoking. Cigarette smoke that has been inhaled and released will enter the lung space where it will affect the lungs. The effects experienced do not happen quickly, but this can be avoided if there is awareness to stop smoking.
Recently, smoking in public such as in a restaurant will cause discomfort to the public. There are individuals who are sensitive to the smell of cigarette smoke, and it will have a harmful effect on the community, especially pregnant women, elderly people, children, and individuals with asthma. If smoking in a restaurant, it will disturb other individuals to eat. Every customer has the right to feel comfortable in the restaurant and get good service.
This clearly shows that there should be a banned-on smoking in public places especially in restaurants to protect the health of the community and our common peace. 
I strongly agree smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.  As everyone knows, cigarettes and cigarette smoke are very dangerous to health.  It causes lung problems, asthma, shortness of breath, premature ageing, cancer and so on.  A restaurant is a place where people eat, so if someone smokes, it will expose customers to secondhand smoke which can lead to illness.  Based on my own experience, when I was in a restaurant, there was a group of men smoking and blowing cigarette smoke in public.  Some customers cough because they can't smell cigarette smoke.  But the smoker doesn't care about others. If smoking is banned in all restaurants in this country, maybe this case won't happen anymore. Some say that second-hand smoke is exposed to the same chemicals as smokers, which is why they are so dangerous for those at risk, such as pregnant women, babies, children, the elderly and people with illnesses.  The cigarette box also displayed pictures of the effects of smoking, but smokers don't understand it and don't care. We as customers should also stay away from smokers. We take care of us. In conclusion, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country because it can cause disease.
In my opinion, I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. This is because restaurants are the place to eat with families and friends including parents and children. It is simple to say, but it is more difficult to find a restaurant especially for non-smokers. It is not a major issue in larger cities, but it is in smaller cites and towns. It can be harmful and dangerous, especially for children when they smell smoke, or we call it second-hand smokers. Plus, there are a lot of dangerous ingredients in cigarettes that can also affect people who smell it. For example, they can also suffer from lung cancer and heart disease.  In addition, smoking can cause air pollution and global warming. A person will have difficulty breathing when close to a smoker. The owner of the restaurant also will lose their customers and affect the level of their income because of the smoker disturbing others to eat and drink peacefully. Everyone has their right to eat and breathe in clean air without any cigarette smoke. So, to conclude, we should have a common sense especially in public area so that we can live comfortably and peacefully.
 I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The reasons is why First of all, they claim that those who choose to be passive smokers do so by coming to locations where smoking is legal. They are not required to go to locations where passive smoking is allowed if they would prefer not to. Additionally, they think that a prohibition may force many clubs and pubs out of business since smokers would stop frequenting them. They contend that the issue of decision freedom is involved. Since smoking is not illegal, people should be allowed to smoke wherever they like. There are stronger justifications for a prohibition, though. Smokers find it difficult to comprehend how non-smokers feel about and are impacted by their freedom to light up a cigarette. The majority of smokers also believe it is OK to indulge in their habit outside since the smoke would rapidly vanish. Even individuals who are concerned about other people's welfare are unaware that smoking in a public outdoor area may easily upset someone who is 10 feet away. Only non-smokers can understand how this is both true yet unpleasant, nasty, and filthy. the appropriate to a safe atmosphere. Smokers are accountable for creating a secure and hygienic atmosphere in all establishments. While a supporter of the smoking ban may easily reply,  Eat somewhere without smoke,  I would counter that your insistence on smoking in public is not as crucial to their health and way of life. People shouldn't be forced to switch restaurants for their own health and welfare because smokers can't control their desires.
 Smoking has long been a sensitive topic, particularly in public places such as restaurants. This essay discusses whether smoking should be entirely prohibited in all restaurants in the country. While others argue for personal rights and dedicated smoking spaces, I feel that a complete ban on smoking in restaurants is both necessary and useful for a variety of reasons.
The health and safety of both customers and employees is the primary reason for advocating for a complete smoking ban in restaurants. Second-hand smoke is a known health risk, and prolonged exposure can result in a variety of respiratory ailments, including cancer. We can protect non-smokers from the hazardous effects of second-hand smoke by prohibiting smoking on restaurant property, resulting in a better environment for all. Next, it can enhance dining experience. Non-smokers' dining experiences can be greatly harmed by smoking in restaurants. Smoke has an unpleasant and strong scent that can interfere with the enjoyment of food and beverages. Furthermore, smoking might make some customers uncomfortable by activating allergies or aggravating respiratory issues. A smoke-free environment allows everyone to enjoy their meals without distractions or health risks.
Finally, smoking is not a socially acceptable activity in restaurants, so a complete prohibition reinforces the message. By establishing these standards, society can gradually shift toward healthy practices while discouraging the general population's cigarette usage. Lastly, such a prohibition supports public health measures aimed at lowering smoking rates, saving healthcare expenses, and boosting overall well-being.
In conclusion, I strongly endorse the notion of eliminating smoking in restaurants, given the overwhelming evidence pointing to the detrimental effects of smoking and the various benefits connected with a comprehensive prohibition. By taking this step, we can promote a healthier society and make life more enjoyable for everyone.
 
           Young people today often smoke. However, it has negative health effects on smokers and anyone who inhales the smoke. So, I strongly agree that smoking should be banned in public areas, especially around restaurants, as it has several negative consequences for the general public.
          Firstly, I agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in this country because smoking is bad for our health. Active smokers often suffer from various diseases including heart problems and tuberculosis. Although symptoms may take some time to manifest, they eventually cause serious problems. It affects smokers as well as others around them. Therefore, since both active and passive smokers may become ill, there must be widespread public support for a complete ban on smoking in restaurant premises.
          Another reason why I agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants is because it can degrade the taste of the food. This is because the food has been exposed to cigarette smoke. Food exposed to cigarette smoke will affect the quality of the food. Customers also feel uninterested in buying food whose quality is definitely contaminated by cigarette smoke. This has a negative impact on restaurant owners as sales revenue declines.
          Finally, smoking should be banned because being around smokers makes non-smokers feel uncomfortable. Pregnant women, the elderly and small children find it difficult to adjust to the smoke-filled atmosphere. Public smoking especially in restaurants should be banned as it greatly increases irritation.
          In conclusion, smoking should be banned in all restaurants because it is not good for health, lowers the taste of food and makes non-smokers feel uncomfortable. Although it is quite difficult to curb because there are billions of people who smoke, but it needs to be banned immediately because it has a bad effect on the people and the country. 
Yes, I agree with the statement given. In my opinion, it is not appropriate to smoke at any restaurant, as most restaurants do not provide a smoking area. Firstly, smokers tend to smoke inside restaurants, making other people uncomfortable to eat, which is impolite. This is because customers come to restaurants to pay and eat good food, but the smokers are being impolite by disturbing their precious eating time. Secondly, smoking in a restaurant can cause bad health conditions for those who smell the smoke. It is because the restaurant's customers are from a wide range of ages, and it could be an old person or a young child, which is not good for the smokers to smoke as it can cause bad health conditions for them. Thirdly, smoking in restaurants can cause harm to the restaurant's safety. The smoke detector alarms inside the restaurants are sometimes quite sensitive, which can cause the alarm to turn on if they detect any smoke inside the restaurants. This is causing harm not only for the customers but for the restaurant staff too. In a nutshell, I think that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country, as it has way too many disadvantages.
 
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country; who wouldn't, right? Smoking as we know can lead to serious disease in human health either active smoker or passive smoker. Research saying that passive smoker will more affects their health. Besides, smoking should be stop in restaurants because the cigarettes butt will dump all over the place and they didn't put all the cigarettes butt at the container box as the restaurants provided. It so messy to looked at all the cigarettes butt on the floor and end up the worker need to pick and throw it. It happened frequently every single time I went to the restaurants and saw the smoker without feeling guilty throw the cigarettes on the floor. Other than that, atleast have sympathy for the baby and the children because smoke from the cigarettes lead to difficulty breathing properly especially Asthma people really suffered for this. Please have some respect for others. You are not living this world alone. So, tolerate with other people too. Don't be selfish. To conduct all of this, smoking is really danger to people health because of materials that contain in the cigarettes can lead to died and lungs affection.                           
 
 Smoking has long been seen as a serious public health problem because it has so many negative impacts on both smokers and non-smokers. Smoke-free surroundings have become more and more popular over the past few years, especially in public places like restaurants. his essay explores the argument for a complete ban on smoking in all restaurants nationwide, highlighting the compelling reasons why such a ban would be beneficial for the health and well-being of both patrons and employees.

Families frequently eat in restaurants, and young children in particular are at risk of the negative effects of cigarette smoke. A complete smoking ban would provide children with a secure and smoke-free environment, enhancing their wellbeing and lowering the risk of respiratory diseases. Restaurant staff members who work as servers, cooks, or cleaners are frequently exposed to cigarette smoke. This workplace hazard impacts not only their general working environment but also their health. Employees would be protected from these risks and a free of smoking workplace would be recommended. A comprehensive ban on smoking in restaurants would strongly convey the risks caused by smoking and the dedication to public health. This policy could serve as an inspiration for larger public awareness campaigns and programmes that encourage healthy living and a decrease in smoking.

An important step in protecting the public's health, lowering the dangers of cigarette smoke, and promoting better lives is a nationwide ban on smoking in all eateries. Such a rule makes the workplace safer, cleaner, and more welcoming for everyone by putting the health of non-smokers and employees first. Additionally, it encourages people to stop smoking and increases public knowledge of the risks associated with smoking.  
Yes, I agree with this because it can affect to another people. Smoking is a really hot topic that the netizen discuss about. Some of the smokers ignored this issue and still smoking around the restaurant area even though it is already banned by the owner. The smokers have an argument and defend theirselve and think it's right thing to do. So, we back to our topic why smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant because the main reason is can be effect to the health. It should take a consider because this not happen to the active but the passive smokers also can be a health disease. The main ingredient in the cigarette is tobacco that can be cause lung cancer, heart disease, congenital hurt disease and other effect that can be dangerous to other people. In addition, people surrounding will feel uncomfortable with the smell and will be turn off while eating the food. It will become a negative effect and negative though from other people. We all know that the restaurant is the place where is the family go to enjoy their food and the didn't want their kid breathe in cigarette smoke. To conclude , the smokers should be banned at all the restaurant to improve people health because it is important things for them to taking care their life and don't want to take a risk in this situation.
 Smoking publicly, especially at restaurants has been the main issue recently. The rate of smokers at restaurants has increased by day to day.  I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because it affects health negatively, lack of manners and a bad influence. 

Firstly, smoking should be banned because it affects health negatively. Smoking doesn't only impact the prime smoker thus the person that sits near the smoker or so called secondary smoker would also inhale the nicotine. People that inhale the smoke would have a hard time breathing. For instance,  in restaurants the space is quite packed and if someone is smoking, the people that sit next to the smoker would instantly cough from the impacts of nicotine. 

Secondly, smoking at restaurants shows a lack of manners. This is said because it is a place for people to enjoy food but by smoking there it would just cut others' appetite. The smell of food would be covered with the smell of nicotine. For instance, both parties pay the same amount to enjoy food however one of them is disturbed by the smell of smoke.

Lastly, smoking at restaurants is a bad influence. Restaurants are mainly packed with families. Families with younger children would influence their children that smoking is a cool thing to do. At a young age, children have this intuition to do things that happen in front of them such as smoking. This would influence them negatively. 

In conclusion, I strongly agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurants.  The disadvantages of smoking mainly dominate in each aspect. Hopefully,  the government will take serious action regarding this issue.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. These smokers should respect other people who want to eat their food in peace and comfortable atmosphere. The smoke from the cigarettes itself is smelly and annoying. Imagine you are eating and the bad smell from cigarettes comes. It cuts off the mood. Besides, the smoke from cigarettes is dangerous for human health. Smoking has got several health effects on smokers and it harms almost all the organs in the body. Even if the people are not smokers, it can turn bad if they smell the smoke. 87% of lung cancer deaths nowadays are caused by smoking. The smoke can ruin our lungs even if we only smelled it and can expose us to other cancer and health problems. In addition, the smoke from the cigarette is also dangerous for children. Children can be easily exposed to disease so smokers really should be aware of this. They have to realize that they can make others feel uncomfortable and endanger other people's life, thus they need to respect others' rights. The owner of the restaurants and all other premises should ban smoking habits so we can create a better environment for our community.
There are still few smokers are acting irresponsibly when they are at restaurants. They insist to keep on smoking for their pleasure and not thinking of other people around them. Undeniably, I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. This immoral act should be restricted because it causes hygienic issues and health issues. Firstly, smoking at public places such as restaurant is very inappropriate as the restaurant serves food and drinks. Imagine debris in the air and the smelly smoke that comes from the cigarettes could get into our food and drinks. Moreover, smokers tend to throw away the cigarette's butts on the floor. Correspondingly, the floor will be dirty causes by them. Secondly, smoking in crowded environment, especially at restaurants could harm people around them. The emission of the smoke could be inhaled by poeple near them and the smoke could cause short of breath. It is more harmful to babies, kids, elderly and people with chronic diseases such as asthma. From experience of mine, whenever I unaccidentally inhaled the smoke, I felt like I was in shortness of breath for a while as the smoke smells chemically harmful and I could not stand the smell of it. As the conclusion, the government should not let smokers smoke at restaurants. Even though there are some people do not abide by the law, the should be sued for keep harming other people and being selfish. This is the only way to stop them from being an irresponsible citizens to the country.
 Nowadays, we can see anywhere there are people living their lives with cigarettes and not realising the harm it does to their health. Whether it's regular cigarettes or e-cigarettes, Both of these cigarettes have a lot of disadvantages for our human body. In my opinion, I strongly agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. 



First, obviously, the harmful effects of smoking include lung cancer, heart disease, and respiratory issues. Moreover, both cigarrettes contain more chemical substances, one of which is nicotine, which can lead to addiction. Smoking in restaurants affects not only the smokers themselves but also the health of non-smokers. For instance, children, pregnant women, elder people, and more They have been exposed to secondhand smoke. Secondhand smoke has been proven to be more harmful to a person. Therefore, the government should implement a ban on smoking in all restaurants to protect the citizens health and create a healthier environment for all people. Besides that, banning smoking can also protect our environment and prevent pollution from getting worse.



In conclusion, we should take action and try to apply to the government to implement a ban on smoking in restaurants. Indirectly, it can also promote a cleaner and more sustainable environment. It is because we can reduce cigarette litter. Protecting the environment and creating a healthier society are ways to ensure a better future for generations to come.  
 I agree that smoking should be prohibited in all restaurants across the country. While individuals have the freedom to make personal health decisions, it is critical to recognize the detrimental effects of smoking on both smokers and nonsmokers.

To begin with, prohibiting smoking in restaurants provides a healthier and more enjoyable dining experience for everyone. Nonsmoking customers should not be subjected to the negative effects of secondhand smoke while dining. We ensure that all customers can have a smoke-free experience and breathe clean air by prohibiting smoking in these places.

Furthermore, a complete smoking ban in restaurants is consistent with public health programs aimed at lowering smoking rates and protecting people from the harms of tobacco. Tobacco smoking is a main cause of preventable diseases, increasing the risk of heart disease, respiratory difficulties, and several types of cancer. By prohibiting smoking in restaurants, we convey a clear message that individual health and well-being take precedence over personal habits.

A smoking ban may also persuade smokers to reassess their habit and potentially quit entirely. Smoking bans in public places can serve as a deterrent and promote a healthier lifestyle. This has the potential to improve people's long-term health and minimize the burden on healthcare systems.

Critics claim that a smoking ban restricts human liberties and choices. However, it is vital to recognize that smoking is not a private behavior; it has far-reaching consequences for others, particularly in public places such as restaurants. By enacting a smoking ban, we protect the rights and well-being of nonsmokers, who should not be exposed to the detrimental effects of secondhand smoke.

Hence, a nationwide ban on smoking in all restaurants is required to provide healthier surroundings, protect nonsmokers from the dangers of secondhand smoke, and encourage public health campaigns to reduce smoking rates. We may contribute to a healthy society and improve overall public health by prioritizing individual well-being and discouraging dangerous habits. 
 I agree that smoking should be banned entirely at all restaurants in the country because it takes away the right of other customers to breathe unpolluted air, it can danger the passive smoker, and the children at the restaurants will be exposed to smoking habits.

	Firstly, smoking in restaurants strips away customers' right to not breathe the secondary smoke. This is unacceptable as most of them come to restaurants and pay for the food, not the smoke. Besides, they will not appreciate inhaling the smoke as it prevents them from dining peacefully. Therefore, smoking in restaurants should be prohibited as it is a human right not to breathe secondary smoke.

	Secondly, smoking in restaurants will pose a health risk to other customers as they will indirectly become passive smokers. Passive smoking can lead to breathing difficulties, asthma attacks, and worse cancer. Hence, smoking in restaurants should be banned as it puts others' health in danger.

Lastly, children at the restaurants will be exposed to smoking habits if smoking there is allowed. As we are all aware, children are easily influenced, especially by adults, hence, they might be curious and start to smoke too if they are exposed to smokers. Therefore, smoking in restaurants should be banned as it gives bad exposure to youngsters.

	In conclusion, I strongly agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country as it violates other customers' rights, endangers others, and exposes children to harmful substances. The authorities should implement the law to punish those who smoke in restaurants.
 
Based on the following statement, I agree that smoking should be completely banned in at all the restaurants in the country. As an individual, we should acknowledge that restaurant is a public place where everyone will be gathered around. There are lots of reasons on why smoking should be banned in restaurant. 

First, smoking should be banned in restaurant because it is a place where people are having their food. By smoking, it could make them feel uncomfortable to eat peacefully because of the smoke that is smelly and contains a chemical. Thus, the food might become bad or poisonous if smoking is not banned in the restaurant. 

Next, smoking should be banned in restaurant because it is public places. Many people are gathered there even a pregnant woman. It can cause a harm to the baby in the stomach that might lead to death or having an issue when the baby is born. That is why, smoking need to be banned completely.

Besides, the reason why it should be banned in restaurant because it might cause a lung cancer to people in the restaurant. There are a lot of people so imagine how many of them will get infected by the smoke. We do not want to lose a fragile people who do not do any wrong. Hence, smoking should be banned completely in any restaurant in the country.

The reasons mentioned above are why I think that smoking should be banned in at all the restaurants in the country because it brings more harm than good. We need to love ourselves and others because we only live once so live it as healthy as we could and give more benefit to others rather than disadvantages. 
         Smoking has become a norm today as not many actions would be taken if people smoked in public places. Many would argue that smoking wouldn't have many impacts on the smokers' health or even the people around them. They may say that if it impacts that much, people will instantly die the first three months they smoke. However, it should be avoided at an early stage to prevent any health risks towards the smokers or the people around them. I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country as it would affect people's health and the restaurants' food quality.
      Firstly, some smokers would disagree that smoking affects people's health as it doesn't happen instantly. However, they do not know that it could kill non-smokers due to the air they breathe surround them. This has greatly affected people with asthma and high risk of lung cancer. Studies have also shown that many people have died because of tobacco smoking and some of them aren't even smokers. This is because the air that is breathed by non-smokers contains carcinogenic chemicals which could lead to cancer and other health risks. To conclude, smoking should be banned in restaurants as it affects people's health.
      Secondly, some may have no idea that smoking in restaurants could affect the food quality. This is because the taste of food would be reduced as it absorbs the polluted air produced by smokers. The effect of this action could cause restaurants to face bad reviews as customers think it is the cook's fault. To summarize, food quality could be affected if smoking wasn't banned at all restaurants in the country.
       In conclusion, smoking should be banned at restaurants in the country as it would affect people's health and the restaurants' food quality.

 
      As years pass, people start to adapt themselves to many cultures and habits across the world. One of the habits followed by mostly everyone is smoking. This started when people discovered the pleasure of smoking tobacco. Nowadays people have normalized these and started to smoke everywhere. As everyone knows smoking is injurious to health this also harms the people in the surrounding. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I agree with this statement as smoking in a restaurant is unhealthy behavior.
     Firstly, smoking should be banned at restaurants as these places are frequently visited by family, outsiders and children. People who do not smoke get affected by the same level of nicotine and toxic chemicals as the person who smokes. This can lead to an unhealthy environment as people will find the smoke unpleasant. Everyone should remember that restaurant is a public place and unhealthy behaviors should be avoided.
     Furthermore, smoking should be banned at restaurants as these place serves food and drinks to customers. The level of hygiene this place has is very important. People will find it unpleasant and dirty if random people smoke around the restaurants. This also leads to people leaving the restaurants. 
     Moreover, smoking should be banned at restaurants as it could lead to serious health issues. Normally pregnant ladies and children will be at the restaurants. We need to remember that people who inhale the smoke can have health issues too. These can lead to respiratory issues and difficulties in breathing. 
     In conclusion, smoking should be banned at restaurants as it is a public place and serves food and drinks.  
"  Smoking is a bad habit that causes most health issues. It does not only put smokers in danger, but it also gives disadvantages to the people surrounding them. In my opinion, I agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.
  Generally, smoking causes health issues. There are people from different backgrounds around us in the restaurant. Respiratory infections, ear infections, and asthma attacks are the most common issues that can be found among children if they inhale excessive smoke of cigarettes. It is a selfish action to smoke in a restaurant because people around us might have health issues that could not breath in smoke. 
  Besides that, smoke in restaurants will affect the feeling of other customers. This is because someone might not like the smell of the smoke. Personally, I would choose to keep distance with those who smoke in a restaurant because I will feel uncomfortable when I inhale the smoke.
  Furthermore, it is responsible for everyone to keep public areas clean and well vandalized. Smoking will leave a bad smell and it may stay for a few hours if the restaurant is air-conditioned. Restaurants need to hygiene so that customers are willing to eat there. Therefore, smokers can choose to smoke in other areas. 
  Overall, smoking in restaurants should be completely banned because it brings a lot of harmful effects.

"
 I am agree that smoking should be ban at all of the restaurants at the country. First of all, smoking is totally could harm your health. There are so many research and findings regarding to this issue. There are so many campaingns were held to give awareness to public about this smoking issue. Bit unfortunately, nothing happen. There are so many people are still smoking especially at the restaurant. People need to stop smoking at public because there are lots of people at the restaurant including the babies. The babies could get affected by the cigarettes. 

Second, the smoking at the restaurants will make the customers felt uncomfortable to eat there. I believe that everyone wass not enjoyed having a lunch while people still smoking at the other table. This is impolite manners that people are trying to show of to others. Believe me that smoking will not making you look good instead you look so pathetic. 

Last but not least, smoking at restaurant also will affect the view of ourself. People will view you as a lower standard class. You will not get the same respect as others. This is because you are not respecting other people's. People will always look at you with some manner's problem and eventually will potrayed the bad things about yourself. 
"Smoking was never a good habit, and should have never been a habit. Without any hesitation, I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. 

The ultimate reason why smoking should be banned completely at all restaurants in the country is because it brings harm to health. In this context, smoking is dangerous as it causes the smokers to inhale many dangerous substances such as nicotine and tar that might lead to  respiratory disease such as lung cancer. Looking at the wider perspective, smoking does not only bring harm to the smoker primarily, however it damages the health of passive smokers or people who inhale the tobacco's smoke. This is because scientific research shows that passive smokers will receive more side effects of smoking rather than the smoker. For example, when dining in with smokers, people who are prone to have respiratory illness like babies and elderly with asthma can easily be in danger just by breathing in the gasses emitted from smoking, via air transmission. 

	Next, the other reason why smoking should be banned completely in restaurants is to provide great air quality for the customers. A restaurant should be a place with nice ambience, serving great dishes with a clear atmosphere. However, if the restaurant is being polluted with harmful substances in its air, the customers will find it as a disturbance to enjoy the time there. For example, the restaurant will eventually face an air pollution situation that happened because of the bad smoke smell from the smoking habit. Consequently, this air pollution from cigarette smoke will automatically annoy the  other customer that firstly came to enjoy the food. 	"
It is fully agreeable that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants. Smoking has been banned in many public places like hospitals and schools, and it is the time to ban it from restaurants as well for some reasons.

First up, it is acknowledged by all that smoking is indeed harmful for our health especially our respiratory systems. The awareness of how dangerous smoking is to our health has been widely spread to the public since forever. The biggest concern would be on those vulnerable individuals such as children, babies, elderlies and pregnant women. Smokes from cigarettes or vapes contain many hazardous chemicals that may cause health problems like asthma, premature baby and certain eye problems. Some families dine in the restaurants which highlights that smoking there will harm them. Hence, smoking should be banned at all restaurants as it is terrible for our health.

Next, smoking in restaurants may cause fire. This is because smokers use fire from their lighters and some of them do not properly dispose their used cigarettes. They may be throwing the cigarettes while it is slightly on fire and some restaurants with open kitchen area may have the risk to be triggered by it. Fire can also be caused by smoke as smoke is flammable. It is safer to avoid it before it happens for real because prevention is so much better than cure. 

To sum up, smoking should be banned strictly from all dining places including restaurants and cafes for the reasons stated. 
This essay will be focused on the topic smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. As a party (member) to the Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (FCTC), Malaysia is required to implement provisions based on scientific evidence that have successfully achieved the goals of many countries to protect everyone from being exposed to the dangers of cigarette smoke in public places. In addition to protecting everyone from exposure to cigarette smoke, reducing the use of tobacco products, and preventing babies, children, and teenagers from being exposed to smoking habits that may encourage them to try and become tobacco product users, smoking is not permitted in public places. An official government circular outlawing smoking in all government buildings served as the impetus for the smoking ban. The majority of public officials would have given up smoking if they all followed this rule. The Tobacco Products Control Regulations of 2004 (PPKHT 2004) were amended on January 1, 2019, and as a result, smoking is now prohibited in all eateries and locations serving food. This is a crucial issue since, as is generally known, people of all ages and backgrounds frequent restaurants. Numerous damages are also caused by smoking and breathing in cigarette smoke. For instance, it contributes to a number of illnesses (heart attacks, breathing problems, etc.). From an economic perspective, this is an unnecessary or wasteful budget expenditure. So, it's important that we ban smoking in all restaurants in Malaysia.
"         As we know, smoking is an unbeneficial habit that can lead to dangerous complications be it to the smokers themselves or people surrounding them. Nowadays, it is a common phenomenon to see people smoking at the restaurant which is seen as inappropriate. Hence, this essay will elaborate deeper on the reasons smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. 
       The first reason is smoking can cause the people in the restaurant to inhale hazardous smoke. This action makes the other customers feel uncomfortable and suffocated due to the smoke caused by the cigarettes. People like babies and also those with asthma or lung problems will find it difficult to breathe and eat comfortably in a restaurant, especially a restaurant with bad ventilation. Therefore, smoking in the restaurant should be banned as it causes the air to become polluted with smoke which leads to danger to others.
       Moreover, the restaurant's economy also affected is one of the reasons smoking should be banned at all restaurant in the country. Due to the uncomfortable environment resulted by the smoking habit, some people tend to avoid those restaurants that allow smoking. This subsequently will lead the restaurant to face the consequences which is less customers and influence the restaurant's economy. As an instance, restaurant A has a lot of regular customers consists of active smokers that produce negative impression to the other customers and they tend to leave the restaurant. Thus, every restaurant in the country should ban smoking to help the restaurant's economy to improve.
      To recapitulate, every party need to take an action regarding smoking that has been a common habit especially among men. This is due to its negative impact that it will cause to people's health and the economy of each restaurant in the country.
"
" Yes, I completely agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. 
 The first reason links to the health issues brought by smokers to their environment. The smoke exhaled by them affect the people around them by causing them to risk catching diseases that are nesting in the smoker's lugs. In a restaurant packed with people, this danger may fall upon children, sick people or the elderly that struggle with their immunity. For example, if an elderly with asthma breath in this smoke, then their lungs may be attacked by harmful pathogens that originated from the smoker's organ. Hence, this could worsen the health of innocent customers that simply want to have their fill in an establishment peacefully. In fine, banning smoking at all restaurants in the country should be authorized as it affects other people's health. 
 Then, smoking can also ruin customers' experiences in a restaurant easily. Since the old times, people generally know that smelling is highly connected to the taste of the dish served. A good smell can indicate the tastiness of the food, which greatly arouses the eater's appetite and excitement of consuming it. In restaurants, particularly ones with a closed space, this aspect of enjoying food will be removed as the mouthwatering smell will be blocked with the smoke's overwhelming smell. For instance, in a café, customers will miss the special atmosphere exclusive to coffee shops as the smell of roasted coffee beans is replaced with smoke. 
 All in all, smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the county because it causes health issues and may negatively affect customer's experience. I hope the authorities will take these reasons into consideration when the time comes to decide in enforcing this long overdue ban. 
"
