 From my view i do agree with smoking should be because smoking in family is not a good idea because smoking is bad for your children, cousin and  parents.  they sometimes see  you smoke make their mental need to follow you want to try how it make your children, cousin all smoke . when your family like this your family will be poor and family is bad . everybody see you nothings. Again when you become a smoker already you want to try drug so very terrible person for family. All these about your family but have something in your body.Smoking causes cancer, heart disease, stroke, lung diseases, diabetes, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD when disease like this make you thin down and very lazy don't need to earn money take care children no have good health , It's your fault .these are bad , 
But smoking is good . you should smoke sometimes when they give you  in  funeral, party, dancing etc... with your friend. and smoke can make many people be your friends, when some people angry you can talk using cigarette make  calm down.beyond beer. But the best shouldn't smoke and touch it , You should be a good person for your family good father and mother for your children. teach them for the best. must good leader in family do everything beautiful for children to learn the best

 
Agree because smoking affects the body, the environment and the people around you, even if you smoke in a restaurant, you should not smoke. Other public places such as schools, hospitals, public places, office buildings where there are many people should not smoke at all because it will affect smokers, people around them and destroy the surrounding environment. Smoking has more harmful effects than people think.  because there is nicotine in it is a substance that causes cancer, heart disease, cerebrovascular disease,musculoskeletal diseases,urinary tract disease, lung cancer, including sexual dysfunction and other worlds. When we are exposed to toxins from cigarette smoke, it causes a feeling of heat, shortness of breath, headache, chest tightness due to cigarette smoke. The stench lingers on clothes and the smoker's breath smells stinky as well. because for this reason it is not recommended to smoke in restaurants , public places or a place with a no smoking sign, but if you are going to smoke, consider a place that is open to smoking and free from people.  But the best way is not to  Smoking at all, because in addition to having  Directly negatively affecting the smoker and other people, it also causes the smoker to waste money in vain and also negatively affects health and waste of time as well.
In my personal opinion I agree about  smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country  because it will cause people inside the restaurant to get cigarette smoke into the body and it will destroy almost every part of the body Starting from blood vessels, brain, gastrointestinal tract, heart until it causes various serious diseases. And it is considered disrespectful to people in the restaurant as well. I think smoking in restaurants should be banned. Or a place where there are many people or should be smoking outside a restaurant. The restaurant must display a sign.  No smoking  or  Smoking is prohibited in this area  and must be posted in a clearly visible place. The advantage of not smoking in a restaurant is that other customers don't have to be annoyed by the smell of cigarette smoke and Family customers can feel at ease that they will not be exposed to the toxic effects of cigarette smoke And It also promotes the value of non-smoking in society, especially with young people. They will be educated to understand correctly that smoking is harmful to the health of smokers and those who are exposed to tobacco smoke And whatever all of things I said it is just my opinion.
    For myself, there is an opinion that we should not banned cigarettes everywhere, just use them properly  because they are still useful, but there may be more disadvantages, but Its advantages are: For patients with high blood pressure, it is necessary to use tobacco as an aid to stabilize blood pressure, help control obesity...
Its consequences are also many:There are many places where smoking is prohibited, such as schools, hospitals, bathrooms, parks, petrol stations, restaurants and other places because the smoke of cigarettes causes air pollution to the people around them, such as children, mothers and the elderly or other people with low immunity. Inhaling it will cause diseases to both the smoker and those who receive the smoke from tobacco, such as: blood vessels, brain, heart, lungs and respiratory system.Diseases related to bones and muscles, diseases of the digestive system, for mothers who inhale smoke may be at risk of premature birth or miscarriage, and finally, tobacco is the cause of cancer.
When we know that it has many negative effects that are harmful to both the smoker and the people around us, but we can't stop it from happening.  Therefore, we should avoid such things as: advising people to smoke in places that are prohibited, while we should stay away from areas where there is smoke, it will be safe.

 
 I do agree for smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country. Smoking in restaurant be bannedມ Smoking has always been a big tradition among adults. As time passes it is becoming a object that teenagers use for social stability. It is not popular to the teenagers to smoke alone. They need the gratification of other people seeing them smoke. This factor leads them to smoke in public places. They take in consideration how it will affect the other people in their area. I disagree strongly with people smoking in public places. One of many reasons I disagree with public smoking is the health of the people around the smoker. People will light a cigarette anywhere not thinking about how it could affect individuals around the smoker. Many people have very strong allergies toward cigarette smoke. Second hand smoke impacts some peoples health severely. There are cases where a person had difficulty breathing due to someone smoking in a restaurant where the victim was eating. The odor left behind from a smoker is a smell that cannot be changed. The smoke leaves a sticky residue that is nasty. Letting people smoke in restaurants actually downgrades the class of a restaurant. Ashes are another contributing factor that makes smoking in a public place wrong. 

 
 Disapproving of smoking in restaurants or public places. Smoking affects the body in many ways, leading to various roads that affect deaths, not only smokers are affected. Affecting those around that person, it was given because the cigarette smoke caused those around him to get to the dodge because the cigarette smoke caused the people around him to feel disliked or uncomfortable when near or some people could not breathe. And make and make the body stink yellow teeth shorten life. Buri is an addictive drug that causes the smoker and the bystanders and is also a serious cause of cancer and side person Tobacco smoke affects the lungs of nearby children and adults alike and sends foul odors to those around them. Smoke causes chest tightness, difficulty breathing, choking, coughing, and headaches and this is the reason most people do not encourage people to smoke in restaurants or public places that are crowded. Most non-smokers don't like cigarette smoke floating in the air or in their surroundings. because it sticks to their clothes because it will negatively affect our health Therefore, if you want to smoke, you should go to a place where there are no people or a place where they allow you to smoke. It is best to stop smoking altogether as it is bad for your health and side people.
 
 I agree because smoking is bad for the smoker and the people around him. But I've been watching the news and reading articles about smoking can help smokers relieve stress. But even so, smoking is still dangerous. If you smoke or sniff too much, May cause lung cancer and Diseases that can cause death. in my opinion, cigarettes should be banned because cigarettes are classified as a type of addictive drug. Therefore, we must help each other to take care of it. Or if they can't There should be an area for people who want to smoke At the same time the governments and related agencies should be very strict on importing and distributing cigarettes to prevent the dangers that may arise from smoking and inhaling excessive smoke for those non-smokers and those with weak health. and from what I saw in high school.  There are still some children smoking in the school shops which is very disturbing to others. Therefore I agree with the ban on smoking because it is harmful to health. The government must have much tighter controls than this so that children under the age of 18 cannot be accessed because it may cause a drop in academic performance and health, The risk of children becoming addicted.
 
 If you're sitting in a good vibes restaurant to have some delicious foods, then suddenly smell the smokes of cigarette, your eyes watering and get coughing I think that such a terrible. When people smoke in the restaurant, it not only leads to help problems for the smokers, but also leads to the people nearby. There are 2 types of smokers: the people who smoke we called active smokers and the people nearby or around the smokers we called passive smokers, both are equally affected by the ill effects of smoking .When you smoke in restaurant it can setting kids that is normally things but the fact is shouldn't. Second-hand smoke increases the risk of heart disease in non-smokers by 30 per cent.That's why it should be banned I think not only in restaurants but also every public places. Smokers can smoke everywhere that they want to but not to harm others people. 
From information reporting in a year there're 6,700 people were dead caused smoking and 1,300 were dead caused the smokes of cigarette. see how much damage and dangerous of smoking. Currently there're many teenagers are smoking or think that you want to try smoking especially the electronic cigarette because thinks it is cool or smart, it would change to be you addict and cannot stop smoking.

 
 I agree.I think that the restaurants are public spaces where people gather to eat and socialize, and they should be safe and healthy environments,so a smoking ban in restaurants could be seen as a logical step towards promoting public health.Some restaurant owners may worry that a smoking ban could negatively impact their business as smokers may choose to eat elsewhere.on the contrary  Smoking is a personal choice and some people feel they have the right to smoke in public.Many countries have already implemented smoking bans in restaurants and other public spaces such as in the United States, for example, many states have laws prohibiting smoking in restaurants and bars. In Thailand, the law prohibits smoking in restaurants since 2019 too.Not smoking in restaurants can be a good thing and could lead to a healthier and safer environment for everyone. Restaurant owners were able to adapt to the new regulations by setting up smoking areas outside the restaurant.This allows smokers to enjoy their food while reducing the risk of tobacco smoke for others. In summary, banning smoking in restaurants is a good step to promote public health.Because each year there are many patients from the toxic effects of smoking and tobacco smoke.Therefore, in order to reduce the rate of death and lung disease, we should carefully consider the advantages and disadvantages of smoking.
 
 As most of people around the world knew that smoking is not permitted in the restaurants in addition smoking is the most dangerous thing for our health, society and children.
In my opinion smoking is the most harmful thing for health. For example all of people whose smoking has caused a lungs problem (lung cancer), stroke, heart disease…. which mean that many people all over the world have died from those diseases. Smoking in restaurants is very rude in some countries too because while people eating their food they're breathing in the smoke from cigarettes this may harm their health too. Imagine if you are smoking near children who can have diseases easily because they don't have protection yet they might get lungs or heart disease when they grow old in future. When some people get older their lungs turned into black some are lucky that might have lungs to change but some not. I may understand that smoking it's reduced stress but you should smoke where it suitable, respect other people and don't affect other people in public places. 
Smoking or cigarettes is the most crucial thing that we have to focus on in this generation

 
 I agree with smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country. The male population in our country all mostly addictive to smoking, Maybe 80% of male population. So, when we go to restaurant actually we will see them smoking. Because most men value smoking as a guarantee of maturity and cigarettes contain substances relax, and in the past, cigarettes were used as a sedative to prevent distraction but because the smoker cannot control the amount of smoke they themselves makes, they will becomes adducted to smoking. It is true that they will smoking or not is them problems but we all knew that smoking is not only giving bad effects to the smoker, but people around their who absorb there smoke into their lung might get that bad effect too especially kids and pregnant woman. And when I went to restaurant I have seen many man smoking and the smell so annoying me and maybe another one will have same feeling with me too. If the restaurant have completely banned the smoking these will guarantee the safety for other customers and it's not go against their human right. They still can smoke at the right place where it's doesn't affect or harm other people health.
 
 I agree. Because smoking in this restaurant can destroy the people around us, we should reduce smoking in the restaurant, or better yet, we should stop smoking. If we do not stop smoking and continue to smoke, it may have many effects on our bodies. If we continue to smoke, it may cause a bad smell in our mouth and yellow teeth. When you speak with the person, it will cause a bad smell to come out of your mouth, which may make people dislike it. Smoking has a very negative effect on health, and it also affects smokers and people around them. which in cigarettes contain various substances, and cigarette smoke, if inhaled into the body at the same time, will cause poisoning that is harmful to the health. If we smoke a lot, it may cause many diseases, such as cancer, heart disease, swollen lungs, diabetes, and others. The public health department has advised on how to prevent these diseases from smoking. Exercise a lot, stay away from smokers, and wear a mask to prevent disease. If we smoke too much, it may cause us to die. The harm caused by tobacco is a long-term harm that mainly damages health. Smoking is harmful to those around us and our loved ones, and statistics from the Ministry of Health of the Lao PDR indicate that an average of 2,000 Lao people die every year due to smoking or being close to people who smoke...
 
"There is a discussion among people in society about smoking that should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. In my opinion, I disagree with this idea and find that it is not an accurate solution which is just like telling people to stop smoking all of a sudden.
	In our daily lives, it is normal to see people smoke anywhere even though we know that it causes illnesses. There are some places where smoking is prohibited but unfortunately, people cannot quit smoking that easily and it's not that controllable sometimes, so there are some common rules to do it in public. In addition, there are so many signages that portray cigarette smoke is bad for smokers' and smellers' health. Thus, I believe that we are all aware of manners toward smoking nowadays. As we know, many restaurants already provide a smoking area that is clearly departed from others. Even though smoking is banned at the restaurants, there is still the possibility that people tend to smoke outside where others would walk by anyway. For this reason, it's applicable to set up an obvious smoking area to warn people who are sensitive to it.
In conclusion, I disagree with this because whether smoking is banned at every restaurant or not, it doesn't directly help people avoid the smoke but opposite.
"
"I don't think that smoking should be allowed in restaurants. As we know, smoking is bad for our health and even worse for second-hand smoke. Smoking can destroy the whole atmosphere in restaurants. It can disturb other customers by its smell and smoke. 

A restaurant is a place where we go to enjoy the food, the music, the atmosphere. It's a public place that is full of people, not a private place. Not everyone likes smoking. It can bother other people who come to eat and enjoy themselves in restaurants. It can harm other people's health. Smoke from smoking is not just smoke, it can kill secondhand smoke indirectly. It's even worse when it comes to children, the elderly, and people who have health problems in restaurants. Imagine, if we go to a restaurant to enjoy a meal but then the smoke just bothers me, it might kill my whole day.  

Smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. Not everyone likes to smoke. It harms other people's rights, harms other people's health. The restaurant is a public place, and we have to respect other people who are in the same place. It doesn't mean that we cannot smoke, but we have to think carefully when it comes to coexistence terms. 
"
Smoking should be banned from all restaurants for several reasons. Firstly, banning smoking in public places can promote better public health. The reason is secondhand smoke can cause many health problems. Being exposed to secondhand smoke can harm other people who do not smoke, including customers and restaurant staff. Moreover, people who decide to eat out usually want to experience a pleasant dining. Banning smoking can avoid unpleasant odors, which can make the dining experience for some people unenjoyable. A smoke-free environment can ensure an inclusive and comfortable atmosphere for all the people in the restaurant. Furthermore, banning smoking can avoid the risk of fire incidents. Additionally, such bans have been successfully implemented in various regions, demonstrating their effectiveness in creating healthier and more enjoyable public spaces. Studies have also shown that areas with smoking bans experience a decline in smoking-related illnesses, contributing to an overall improvement in public health. In conclusion, implementing a smoking ban in restaurants not only addresses immediate health concerns but also contributes to the long-term well-being of both patrons and the community.
" In my view smoking should be banned at all  restaurants in the country because smoking doesn't  affect to smoker but it also affect to physical and mental heath of second hand smoke in restaurant.  When smokers smoke in restaurant, this behavior will annoy non smoker and contaminated others' food because smoke will travel around the air. Consequently, second hand smoke who inhale the smoke have risk to get lung cancer.And over 10 years, both of many  smokers and second hand smoke have  died because disadvantage of smoking. For their mental heath, children who cannot differentiate what is wrong or right will get this behavior  to be  examples because they think it will be cool or they will think if they do like this will mark them to be adults. As a result, the number of teenagers who smoke is increasing every years.So, smoker should consider which  place that they can smoke. For instance,Restaurants should not allow the smokers smoke inside but they should have section for smoker who will smoke. Smokers should follow this rule and care others and their heath. 
I believe that this point should be changed to reduce people who get affected. "
"I agree, because smoking only brings harm more than good to us, and there is zero benefits of allowing smokers to smoke at restaurants.

Restaurants are known to be a public space that serves the people who has the need to eat outside of their home for the convenience of not having to cook by themselves, and most people that are using the service of those restaurants are going to expect it to be harmless, since it's a shared space, and not all people are a smoker.

If smoking are allowed at a restaurant it will only bring harm to those who dont, and lower their life expectancy by having contact with the harmful fumes from the smokers, and there is a solution that can be benificial for both sides which is creating a specific area where smoking is allowed, while also putting down a clear sign to inform everyone, so every smokers can see that they have their own space, while the non smokers can see the sign firsthand, so they can be cautious to avoid the contact of fumes.



"
"As you know, smoking is known in the world for along time ago, and we will see many people smoke everywhere. In this case, I agree to banned smoking in all restaurants.Because smoking in the restaurant it will make air pollution worse, value of the restaurant is low down and non-smokers feel uncomfortable in the restaurant.

Firstly, smoking is very harmful because it makes air pollution and many people get smoked by smoking. It is one of the main reasons behind the increasing number of lung cancer cases globally. And the restaurant is place where smokers after come, which smoker come to eat food and then they also smoke cigarettes too. 

Secondly, having smoking in the restaurant it will make the value of the restaurant drop down due to if  that restaurant has many smokers, it will make non-smokers do not go there. 

Finally, the non-smokers feel uncomfortable in the restaurant filled with cigarette smoke. It causes them stress. It is also very annoying, particularly for pregnant women and senior citizens who come to take dinner or lunch at the restaurant. 

Conclusion, Everyone has the right to breathe in clean air when they diner or lunch at a restaurant. To  make sure that all diners or lunches can enjoy a smoke-free meal, smoking must be banned from all restaurants."
