The word ' job ' means what one has  to work. Everyone has their own works. Everyone has to know their jobs and duty. For example, a doctor's job is to take care of sick people. A postman's duty is to deliver letters. The duty of a teacher is to teach his or her pupils what they ought to know and his or her pupils is to learn his or her lessons. Job can also be called their carriers. They get  money from their jobs ( carriers ). Nowadays, poor people are mostly found. They can't afford money for their livings. So, Children , especially teenagers, adults ( above 18 ) and mostly university students are working on the part-time job. Part-time jobs are really popular in every developed countries. There has different people in the world. Some people do part-time jobs to solve their problems for eating and living and to find their university and college monthly fees. There has most variety of part-time jobs depending on their talented hobbies. And also there has many places to work part-time jobs. For example... convenience stores, restaurants, coffee shop, etc... Mostly, we can see college students at convenience stores. Part-time jobs are really fine for poor people and college students. So, I think part-time jobs are important for college students.
           Lately, part-time jobs have become popular. The job is divided into two types, part-time job and full-time job. Among them, part-time jobs are suitable for college students and university students. That's why I agree with this statement.

          In other countries, especially distance students have to rely on part-time jobs to find the extra income for the budget of the university. College students work part-time jobs such as cashier, tutor, babysitter, receptionist in hotels, library assistant, teaching assistant and restaurant server. There are many part-time jobs. By doing such part-time jobs, you will get many advantages. The main point  is that you will get extra income. And you can become independent  rather than dependent on others. In other countries, once they turn 18, they become independent, whether it is a boy or a girl. They live in a dormitory and earn their own extra income for their budget of the school. A part-time job can help students and cover their expenses and reduce their reliance on others.

          In summary, part-time jobs are very useful for college students. By doing part-time jobs, you will learn to be independent, and you will be able to stand alone. And you will have more confidence in yourself. So, I agree part-time jobs undoubtedly because of the points mentioned above."
"         Part-time job is a job which is work for about two hours or three hours per day.Not like the full-time job is the part- time can flexible working hours and don't need to work for forty hours per week.Many of the part-time job are using hourly pay system. 
         Students who want to depend on themselves,who want extra pocket money, who need money for their educational cost and don't want to depend on their parents choose to work part-time job. There are various kinds of part-time job such as restaurant waiters or waitresses, convenience stores' cashers and etc. Moreover,if you are handsome or pretty, you can work as model for portrait drawing class or in some photo shooting. By working as a part-time job employee, we can learn about our society, environment and various kinds of people. In addition, we can learn how the world is working and we can get more experiences about our life. On the other hand, we can save more money for our future plan. Therefore, we can gain our confident in our social relations.
           But most of the parents don't agree their children to work as part-time job employee. They are very worry that  their children will be suppressed.In my opinion, parents should let do their children to work as part-time job's employee. They should train their children to become independent person.So, for all reasons, I absolutely agree that student working as part-time job."
"         Nowadays,People connect widely the world for many functions such as education, economic,health and so on.In development countries of people live more convenient than other developing countries.College students who live in development countries get more chances.
          A part-time job is good for college students .A part-time job is one of the challenge for college students.When they work at a part-time job, they got not only money but also work experience.I think that a part-time job is help to a college student because the salary that got a part-time job is provided for college students.They can buy foods, books and other facilities.I think that many part-time jobs should have in my country.If part-time jobs have every townships,the college students are more convenient. 
         I want to have more part-time jobs in my country.If part-time jobs have every town,the college students are more convenient.The owners of part-time job should allow college students to work in their works. A part-time job is solved school fees.So I think that a part-time job is important for college students. 
"I strongly agree with the statement.As a student,it's better to have a part-time job than earn nothing.
If we have a part-time job,we'll not only have a job experience but also use our own money for our school stuffs and basic needs in our daily lives.It will help our guardians such as our mother,father,aunt,uncle etc. who supports us money to attend college to reduce the amount of money they send us.It helps us to adjust the balance and manage the time  between the job,school and social life.Doing a part-time job makes us to become more independent as a student.It'll makes us know more about how to treat people or increase our social skills.We can manage our own income to some extent.
In sum,having a part-time job as a college student has many advantages.Managing money got from a part-time job and balancing time between job and college helps us to have systematic management skills which are really essential to increase our living standards."
"Having a part-time job in college is like adding extra skills to your toolkit. It's not just about school. it's about learning by doing real stuff. Firstly, it's like practice for your future job. You get to use what you learn in class for real tasks. It's like trying out the things you read about. Then, having a part-time job helps you be a time wizard. You learn to balance work and study like a pro. It's like getting really good at managing your time. Money is a bonus. With a part-time job, you're not just living on cheap noodles. You earn extra money for books, snacks, or maybe a fun weekend. It's like having your own money superhero. And guess what? Your job might introduce you to cool people who could be your work buddies later on. Making connections is like making friends who can help you on your journey. It's like building your own team of awesome people.
So, having a part-time job is like getting a taste of the real world, becoming a time management pro, earning some extra cash, and building your own network of fantastic people. It's like adding a sprinkle of magic to your college adventure."
We, college students, are trying and studying each subject concerning with the fields that we have chosen.The student's target may be different from one another.Some try to get the high mark at the college.Some try for their parent's satisfaction.Others try to get a job that he or she wants.Most parents, including my parents, always say that you should only study at school age.They don't let their children to work a job before graduated because they are worried that their children about being bullied at the job.I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job.Work experience is including as an important role in applying a work.We can get some experience from part-time job and also we can know more about people.Most jobs in our country do not accept the college students as a part-time worker.They are worried that their working hours will be affected if they employed a student.Thus, college students have few chance to get a part-time job.Actually,part-time job have such kind of benefits like money and time management, developing interpersonal skills, confidence, independence and gain experience.For above reasons, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
       Nowadays,there are a lot of developing countries which can give part-time jobs for college student.Part-time jobs for college students are not good at all and it is somehow bad for them.
       First of all, college students can't get enough time to study their lessons when he or she do a part-time job.They may feel tired after doing this because they attend the class in the morning and they do part-time job in the evening or night.Sometimes,their work time may be the whole night.So, they may not concentrate the lessons when they attend the classes or do the homework.
        However, having a part-time job for college student makes them not only get extra money but also  get experience.They realise to value money because they try hard to find it.As they are adult,it is not convenient for asking money to their parents for each and every cases.When they can find money on their own,it can also help to improve their self-confidence too.When they do part-time job ,they can learn how to communicate with many different people with different personalities. 
            There are both advantages and disadvantages of part-time jobs for college students.In my opinion, it is also important to have part-time jobs for college students if only the  work hour is suitable and convenient for them as  it can give us extra money and invaluable work experience. "
"In my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Although  I do not have to pay for tuition fees, I still have to pay for food and staying at a hostel. The prices become a little too high year by year. Also as a girl, I want to buy beautiful clothes, shoes, and many other things. I want to eat everything that I want. Yet, the money that I get does not allow me to. I need more pocket money. Also, I want to attend college without any help from my parents. That will be the main reason why I really want to get a part-time job. 
From the other perspective, in our country-Myanmar, the part-time jobs culture among students is not very popular. It is also very hard to get one. Also, It will be very hard to maintain a balance between work time and study time. 
Anyway, for me I would love to try doing part-time jobs if it is possible. I want to experience many new things. I wanna face the work-life before really going into it. Nowadays, many companies want to hire people with experience. For us, it is really hard to get job experience before graduation. Thus,  I really hope, that part-time jobs to be more popular among students one day."
"It is always argued that it is important for college students to have a part time job.I agree with this statement because it is more meaningful than making money.
First of all,doing a part time job is one of the challenges that a college student has to overcome.In a college student's life before starting a career,there is a lot of charges to pay off such as accommodations fees,tuition fee and other extra costs.It is not easy enough to manage monthly expenses as bill.However,extra money can be made by doing a part time job in free time.
On the other hand,some people argue that there is not enough time to study because of doing part time job.I support that it is because of poor time management.As part time job of tutoring children,college assignments can be finished with them.As part time job at restaurant,we can get some tips from the customers and can also make friends with other students who work part time job at the same restaurant.In this way,relationships circle can be wider than before.It can also be confident considering with making money by my own.
To sum up,doing part time job in college days enriches a lot of unexpected events and personal experiences which are hard to seek in adult life.I completely believe that those life experiences brings variety of feelings and valuable life lessons."
Being a college student, my university life is full of duties and tasks to accomplish such as tutorials , presentations , assignments and group works. On the other side , I am also a freelance teacher of high school students. Through my experiences , there is some time I think having part-time job is supportive to an extent but sometimes it is difficult to handle my work and college to be balanced. My daily life is almost lack of my private time because I always come back home around 8:00 pm. Having shower and dinner takes about one hour for me to start my study time. I need to sit on my study table until 10 or 10:30. Thus my university days are such tiring and stressful. However, I earn my monthly income to cover my expenses and thus it is very much satisfied for me that I don't need to ask my parents for my pocket money and I can even support them to some extent . To conclude , my university life is , even though, challenging to manage my time ; I can still meet the deadlines of the assignment and tutorials and do my best. Therefore, having a part-time job is not totally necessary but for the students from low-income families should have one and it can make us to be independent .
I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job because I have a part time job. It's little difficult to manage my times between job and school. But I try to fix my timetable, it will be good for me. There're many advantages to have a job. I can make my own money and provide my family. Asking for money to use somewhere from the parents that is a big case for the college students. We don't ask for money from our parents and we want to reduce for us a lot of money. That is a reason why a lot of college students have a part time job and also me. I want to pay my school fees and others. And I want to help my parents. I think when I have a job that will be help for my parents and I can reduce a little for my parents's stress about money, family case, etc...  Because money is important for a family. We can't do anything when we don't have mony .We daily use money for food, bus fees, cosmetic, clothing, and so on. When we are more older, we can more cose money. That's why I am doing a job. There will have another reason for another student. Anyway my reasons are just 2 facts that is money is important for a life and to provide for parents that why I agree to have a part time job for the college students.
Collage is a place not only to study but also to learn other skills. Some said that students should only focus on studying and they don't need a job as a student. For me, I agree with the fact that it is important to have a part-time job for the college student.  
It cannot be undeniable that we have to stand on our own partly as collage students. We are becoming adults and start to learn what the real world is. Having a part-ti me job can definitely help us to know about the people like how to communicate with people or how to solve the problems in dilemma. We can also have strength and courage to face with difficulti es. It is the first step of being independent human. When it is time to find the full-time job, we can be the priority to be chosen due to the previous experience of work. We will understand the value of money when we earn ourselves. It will slightly support to the struggles of our parents for the school cost, especially, the students who are being away from home. Since it is a part-time job, we do not have to worry about not getti ng self-time. Though our self-time may be less than usual, it is worth to do for our future. 
Though it may have challenges, it can be wonderful when we can balance time for work and study. Working is kind of training ourselves both physically and mentally. Thus, in my opinion, collage students should have a part-ti me job for their improvements.
 I disagree with this statement.I disagree above this meaning because it hhas any ways.
Actually,the job opportunites concerned with the part time job have only in the
  distance students.Usually,it cannot be doing the part time job to the daily students.
Units because they have no time to work it.They are learning their units almost the
 whole day. They are losing their time to learn the lessons.If they have the part time job
 they really cant focus on it.And also it is frustrating to  calculate all subjects to do at work.
I can't really focus but who knows maybe other people can focus on. I rezally don't know what to do but
its just you know cant focusz and other issues things is enough
frustrating enough for me.And it is also hard to ride bus at evening night and also oh at late duties.
you will not even imagine ths is really hard.And the people can't focus on two things maybe they can.But the budget 
you know some people works only for budget buyt not for the help for your own parents and its exhausting to know.And the distance students only works and they works so the people who have been graduating is becoming
lesser and lesser its sad to know and it really does.So I really disagree with this statement.
 
    Yes, I do agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. In life, everyone see many  events, problems, difficulties, loses, achiveness, and loving kindness that make you to grow up. From a baby to a child and to adult and to a man, etc. From childhood, we learn to be responsible for everything that we do.As a college student, part time job is important because it can help and learn you how should we live in people, how should we treat people greatly and to be good in society. Having a part time job make you feel that everything is valuable and you should be your own. Don't disturb your school life and one and one can be systematically and expect in your field. You should be hard working in your lessons and be careful in your class what the teacher say and learn. If you are a rich kid, you will think like that part time job is no need for you and feel like that it is so borring and bother. I must say this thought is not right. Part time job is not only for money but also for a chance that we fixed it. As a conclusion, doing part time job has many advantages. We can live on our own with high confidence. And we can be successful not only in the school but also in the work and in the lives.
     I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. As being  a college student ,we want a lot of money to buy what we need everything including books such as knowledge sharing books , English learning books, etc. And , we always go to the university so that we  spend our pocket money for transportation fees and our lunch. As you know , everything is  a high price nowadays. So ,we have not enough money that our parents give us for one day amount. If we want to spend a lot , we will  find a part-time job actually.  But in my country ,there has less jobs for students than other foreign countries.By working part-time job,not only can get income but also we could have obedience, confidence, patience and more social skills.There are both advantages and disadvantages for having part-time job.We are literally tired and worried about our jobs.Having part-time job,we can get little stress but we should try the best for incomes. In foreign countries, all of the students have they are part-time jobs. They have no leisure time.But we can see that they are smart and outstanding students because they can earn money for their family and education with their own incomes. If we have owned income, we will do what we like.Thus, our parents don't scold us because we spend our own incomes without their own money. As being college student we are older and older by years, we must stand our own way and we should do more hardworking. Every job has proud but we  must choose right ways. Therefore, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
 As being university or college student, the money they earn is very little and have to ask money for their expenses from their parents. While working part time job, they can gain extra money and will be able to afford their basic essentials or other activities such as eating out with friends, dating with boyfriend, watching movies at the theaters and so on. 
Secondly, working part time jobs mean getting down to business and interacting with lots of people. This will benefit the students to be more confident in dealing different environments and different people. Through part time jobs, the students will gain more skills such as communicating as they have to deal with different people and collaborating skills before getting into the real business world after finishing the university. Moreover, it will encourage the students to have take own responsibilities and accountabilities for their work and tasks. This help a lot in improving ones' maturity interpersonal skills. 
Furthermore, part time jobs while attending college will make ones more independent and less dependable upon families or friends. Ones are responsible for theirs' own schedule, duties and work. Therefore, managing busy schedule will improve time management skills and gradually become more organize by dealing with how to be efficient and effective in daily life. Students working part time jobs can have so many benefits not only in their daily life but also in paving their career. They can improve so many interpersonal skills and avoid depression and overthinking thoughts caused by free schedule or insufficient fund. However, it's so miserable that part time jobs are not very popular in Myanmar and even if there are, the pay is extremely low. This really blocks the maturity of students' mindset  and experiences before getting down to the tal business world. 
 As I am a university student, I would like to do a part time job to earn extra money. Working while studying is like a total drug for every student and in my opinion it's a kind of the way we spend our time as a beneficial way. There are so many kinds of way to be useful by working part time jobs. Part time jobs can assist our daily routine in many ways. By working part time jobs, we can learn many various life experiences and can apply work experiences when we get into our workplace. Here are some useful tips by working as a part time worker. First thing first, we can afford to pay and buy the most essential stuffs which are highly in need in our university life. We can take extra courses for university and hang out with our friends  whenever we want to. Secondly, part time jobs can not only boost our social life circle but also give pre experiences for coming new workplace. They will extend our extra community and build up new life with different people and experiences. In addition, we learn to manage how to use our income usefully. That is the main point of this essay because we have been using parents' money since we were in childhood so when we learn how to make money on our own, we become and know the value of money. From that we learn how money can influence and exist as an essential part of life. 
  
 I wonder whether it's important to have a part-time job for a college student . I believe that school should always come first but there are also some benefits to working, such as gaining experience and earning some extra money. That's why I'm on the side of who agrees that it is important for college students to have a part-time job .

Firstly, having a part-time job is that it can provide valuable experience in one's chosen field. For example, I'm currently studying marketing, so I might consider taking a part-time job at a local marketing firm to learn more about the industry and gain some experiences with real-world projects. I believe this could be a great addition to my study and make me more competitive in the job market after graduation.

Secondly, having a part-time job is that it can help cover your cost of books, food, and other essentials. College can be expensive, and having a job can also teach you valuable financial skills like budgeting and saving money.

However, it's important to remember that school should always come first.You should also have a regular timetables for your study even though you're working. I think skipping classes or neglecting assignments in order to work more hours is never a good idea. You need to strike a balance between work and school, and make sure you're not sacrificing your academic success for extra money.

In conclusion, having a part-time job can be a great idea for college students because you can gain experience and earn some extra cash.However, it's important to find a balance between work and school for success both in college and in future careers. 
        From the primary level to the high school level, most students are supported all of the costs by their parents or their guardians. At that levels, most had to take their help since we were not old enough to find a job and make money by ourselves. However, being a college student, we are adulted and have to come out of our comfort zone. It is the time and the first step to meet the real world. So, we should have the ability to stand on our own feet and make our own effort whatever we do, to face all the reality and bitterness of the real world. Hence, I think that having a part-time job is important for college students. Firstly, it can help the students to acquire time management skill in the fact that they can manage their schedule systematically and effectively, for instance, their study time, work time, leisure and so on. Then, the costs are more in college. Even though our parents support us, it should not be for all of the costs and we should pay for it partially. Thus, a part-time job can help us to make money for our college costs fractionally. Furthermore, doing a part-time job, we may know the value of money because we have our own income by using our own effort. Besides, at a part-time job, we have to communicate with various people such as customers and clients. So, our social skill can be more improved. In conclusion, we can improve our time management skill, social skill, can get a lot of experiences and knowledge about life. Then, we can use them in future when we get in our professional fields. Therefore, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
 Some college students think that they need have part-time job. However, some believe that it is not important to do a part-time job. Many people say that students should focus only on their study. They think doing jobs disturb the students' education. As for me, I consider that a college student should work a half-time job. 
           First and foremost, students get knowledge from working part-time job. These knowledge make them mature and help them in finding their dream career. Next, they do not understand the society and different sort of human beings as they are only familiar with the educational field. Thus, the experiences from the part-time job let them know how to deal with different people.
          The another reason why I agree student should do part-time job is that they can earn extra money for their tuition's fee and other necessary thing to buy. On the other hand, some people explain that if the students work, they will lack attention in the study. They cannot have time to their own study. But, they know how to manage their time as they are the educated people. 
            To sum up, it can be said that part-time job help the students find their passion. They become mature and get many knowledgable experiences. They can also obtain financial stability for their fees and can help their parents in any way. Overall, it is clear that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. 
 As a university student, I would like to agree with that statement for some reasons. First of all, all we need
to know is that we live in a competative world in today's age. Everyone looks busy by struggling with 
collecting data, information and experience. So if we don't want to fall behind the others, we are bound to
start doing something new. In my opinion, finding a proper part-time job is going to be the best of all. It can
save our tution fees as well as offer extra money for our living. The good point is that we don't need to ask
for the pocket money from our parents since we have our own income. Later, we will become more confident and independent than ever before. At the same time, we will get to know how to treat people right, then, will have the sense to be able to differ people's likes and dislikes in a short time. To say frankly, they will know how to live life with the improvement of communicating skill and social skill. In this 21st century, these kinds of valuable soft skills are real backbone and basic key for our future. We will be ready and be able to withstand most of the upcoming life problems in the future. Futhermore, we can apply all these experience and knowledge on our future business. when we apply for scholarship or internship program, these experiences like having part-time job will provide us in some ways. One more fact is that we don't need to look down on those who work in part-time job as getting a job is a honourable and noble profession. In short, people who get part-time job are prone to get achievements in their lives . 
 I disgree because we only study our learning for good future job.I believe I will get the best job in the future.If college students have two jobs,it will make them so difficult.We need income but we don't work because we are so young to search income.So,we must learn our specilization major.Although I wanna find income with my hobby and give income to my parents.I didn't know at first that my major is so difficult for me.I think I must have deligient but I can't.If I have a part-time job,I will tie everyday.I will not have free time or holidays.A part-time job is not important for us.We must study many knowledge all the time.I am still studying major.This major will give me the best job.All students must have deligient.A part-time job can help for income.I don't think that I can do work two jobs at this time.It is so seriously.Our time will spend in two jobs.Actually,I wannal find income for my parents but I dare not talk to them.So,I must try to get the better income.Thank a lot for my parents because they care of me and some money was used for my education and for everything.So,we need to give the best job than a part-time job.The best job is important for us.
212 
 It is very important for college students to have a part-time job.  If a college student has a part-time job, he can 
 make his own money so he will not need to request his parents for money. A student who is derived from
poor family can not use his time absolutely in education because of many reasons for example his family
does not have enough money to support his college life , he wants working experience and others more.
He  can do whatever he want with his money. For rich students, he can use his all time in studying but
he should do a part-time job to get experience that  will make his future interview fluent. A part-time job 
can make a student' time precious and it will help a student not to waste his time. A student who gets a 
part-time job that fits with his hobby is very lucky. So he can do his profession and his hobby in one time.
But he should manage his time correctly.He should not use his all time in both job and studying. He should 
have free time because a person who does two types of work in one time is very tired. The word    Every work
has diginity   gives us motivation to do a part-time job. Doing part-time job is not low. We  don't need to be
shy for doing job.So I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
 
 Nowadays, the world is becoming a global village and so, we can concern with everything. Unlike to the earliest centuries, in the 21st century, not only adults but also teenagers can do and challenge everything they want or have to struggle. Among them, the colleague students may have some difficulties not only with the study but also their financial issues. One of the solutions for the financial issue is getting a part-time job.
	It is popular among the colleague students for their pocket money or something else. Getting a part-time job can bring many advantages to the daily life of colleague students. The first thing is social experience. As we, human beings are social person, the social experience is essential for us especially in this 21st century, the globalization era. For example, when we do as a waiter for the part-time job, we have to service the customers with what they want and also need to talk flexibly with the customers. From this job, we can get job experience, business skills as well as social skill like how to deal with the people. 
 	The second is self-control and self-improvement. For example, sometimes we may not have enough time for our study because of our jobs. At that time we have to manage our times effectively. So, we can control ourselves from doing some unnecessary things to save our time. Moreover, we have to study some supportive things for our jobs in order to be more convenience with our jobs. From doing this, we can improve ourselves in various ways.
In conclusion, nowadays, the teenagers need to be interdependent to pave their path. That is why, getting a part-time job is one of the sources where we can get ultimate force to walk to our life goals.  
 
  Yes, I agree with this statement   Part-time job is important for college students . Because while we are doing a part-time job, we earn money and experience. We learn about people and social skills. We communicate with many people and get knowledge. From a part-time job, we can learn how to work with many people and we can know the importance of time while we are attending. We know the importance of money and time. We communicate with many people throughout part-time jobs. If we do a part-time job, we can reduce money taken from our parents and also we can support some money which gets from doing a part-time job to our parents. We can save money and we can buy the things that we need with our own money. We can learn many things such as how to work with a team or partners, and know more about life. So it is important for college students to have part-time jobs. We can know what we what to do in the future and whether this work is the best work for us or not. We can choose by doing many part-time jobs. If this work is best for us, it can be the job that you work in the future. So working a part-time job is very important for college students.	 
 I don't want to disagree above title. Especially, I strongly want to disagree for law specialisation because law major's students is not possible to perform part-time job. Law is legal profession that have duties to perform legal matters in our future. 
College life is a transformative period during which students embark on a journey of self-discovery, personal growth, and academic excellence. While the primary focus of college is undoubtedly education, there are numerous benefits to be gained from engaging in part-time employment alongside academic pursuits.
One of the most compelling reasons for college students to have a part-time job is the opportunity for financial independence. College tuition fees, accommodation, textbooks, and daily expenses can be substantial burdens on students and their families. 

A part-time job offers college students a chance to apply theoretical knowledge gained in the classroom to real-world situations. While academic learning is vital, practical experience provides a unique perspective that fosters a deeper understanding of concepts. .

Part-time jobs offer an invaluable platform for college students to develop crucial professional skills. Through employment, students learn the importance of punctuality, teamwork, adaptability, and effective communication – skills that are highly sought after by employers. 

While college life is primarily focused on academics, the importance of part-time jobs for college students cannot be understated. Beyond financial independence, part-time employment offers a multitude of benefits, including practical application of knowledge, professional development, time management skills, and personal growth. The combination of work experience and academic learning creates well-rounded individuals equipped with the necessary skills and competencies for success in the competitive job market. Therefore, college students should seize the opportunity to engage in part-time jobs, as they serve as stepping stones towards a prosperous future. 
           Many youngsters around the world are taking part-time jobs for the money. Looking for money in this century is not easy for human beings, especially the ones who do not have a background, power or support from others. I believe we can aid our parents indirectly by doing that kind of job. To those points, I completely agree with those who are having at least a part-time job.
         Firstly, education is involved as a part of important matters. In almost every country, the best university is situated in the capital city. The main fact is that the living cost may be higher than others. Secondly, most people are struggling to find money rather than happiness. To be honest, it makes sense as everything can be bought with money in this era. For education, we have to buy textbooks and other books for education. We can solve this problem ourselves if we have a job. Besides, we can provide the things without asking our parents. And also, we can observe new experiences from part-time jobs for the rest of our life.
            On the other hand, some people argue that they cannot take any job as they do not have much time. I accept that if the speaker is an adult. Young people are at the age of human-paradise. We can discover people who are studying their lessons as well as possible by doing several part-time jobs; for example, foreigners in Japan. 
          As I mentioned before, part-time jobs can help us with not only life experiences but also kindness to our parents. By helping our parents just a little, not too much, let our souls receive a couple of good merits and put a smile on our parents' face.
 
 To be honestly,for all both side ,there  are advantages and disadvantage for day college students and distance  college students.So,I can say disagree or agree.However, in this statement,I would like to say more advantages and disadvantages instead disagee or agree.First of all, I would like to say  advantages and disadvantages for day students.For day students,they are busy with school work and project and they are  busy  with school homework in the weekend.So,if  they work, they will be more or less affected in some area.Not only they will be more or less affected in some area but also if  also affect  health.And the last one,they have no time part-time job.And if I say advantages for day students,They have certain qualifications and thorough knowledge of the respective  field.So ,in my opinion,If possible, by providing practical work experience in cooperation with the government and relevant business organizations, the day students will get practical work experience .By doing this , the day students will be able to work professionally in the relevant business.
For distance students,Although they have work experience, they do not have a good understanding of their respective fields compared to day students.For instance,as I am a law student, I have to know more thoroughly than other areas.Law requires not only studying, but also reading a lot and thinking a lot. For example, to know how to decide a case and how to solve it, you need to have a lot of knowledge instead work experience.You need time to read a lot. Therefore, as distance students, especially law students, it is more difficult. 
 Nowadays, there has been a trend related to the college students working part-time jobs. Some people believe that it is vital for college students to have a part-time job in order to gain work experience or to assist them with financial concerns. However, others argue that students can be overwhelmed by the stress of job. For me, personally, I think that college students should experience, what exactly a part-timer is.
On the one hand, there are a lot of drawbacks of doing a part-time job for a university student. Firstly, the students will struggle with their tight schedule if they choose to work outside. As a consequence, they may be late for classes and sometimes they may even skip them. Secondly, they will be locked by stress and pressure which can lead them to depression. Thirdly, it will give them not only advantages but also disadvantages if they cannot opt the most suitable job for them.
On the other hand, people can't ignore the explicit benefits of working a part-time job. College students working part-time jobs mean that they are polishing their communicating skills by dealing with different type of people. Moreover, they can get knowledge by solving social issues and problems in workplace. It may enhance their competences of problem-solving skills, interpersonal skills, and management skills. Hence, they will be very qualified staffs or employers in the future.
In my opinion, I think that all the college students should work at least a part-time job because it is such a golden chance to live their lives in an independent way. In addition, I believe that the advantages of working a part-time job outweigh the disadvantages. Therefore, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. 
 For college students, working a part-time job while attending a college can be a life-changing and challenging experience that has many rewards beyond financial ones. Students who choose to work part-time while attending college can gain valuable insights, skills, improve their academic achievement, and develop the skills such as taking responsibility.

First and foremost , having a part-time job gives college students the chance to practice important life skills like time management and cooperation that aren't typically taught and acquired in the classroom. Students learn how to prioritize tasks successfully between their work and academic commitments, which improves their capacity for meeting deadlines like assignment submission and also time management.

Additionally, the ability to manage their finances can be promoted by having a part-time  job.  For example college students  can free ffrom the burden of debt and allow them to earn some amount of money for their education. This awareness of financial responsibility encourages a more responsible and organized approach to managing their financial resources.
Furthermore, part-time jobs frequently expose students to a variety of workplaces, allowing them to engage with people from all backgrounds. So they can learn how to deal with different types of people.

In conclusion, doing a part-time job while in college can be a rewarding experience that offers benefits beyond just money. It fosters the development of important life skills, improves performance in college, and supports growth in oneself. Part-time job is an essential and important option for college students because, when managed well, it may serve as a stepping stone to a successful and happy career. 
        I believe that working a part-time job is a time-efficient way of making money. Recently, part-time work has gained popularity in Myanmar. The benefits of doing a part-time job for college students are numerous. We have firsthand knowledge of how difficult it is for undergraduate students to find employment in Myanmar. College students can, however, find job opportunities in developing countries like UK and US. 
      We can make more extra money if we're working a part-time job. If we want to go out with friends or shop cosmetics, we don't have to be concerned about money. For foodies like me, there is no restriction on what we can eat due to a lack of cash. For this reason, it's crucial for college students to work a part-time job. 
      We can also gain professional experience. If we have previous work experience, we can mention it in our resume. We will be able to interact with many people since we will need to speak with them. We can develop our unique personalities in this way.In addition, we can gain time management skills. We must regularly attend our classes and study our lessons because we are college students. A part-time work is therefore going to teach us how to manage our time. These factors make having a part-time job is a necessity for college students. 
I completely agree that the exciting and changing time that is college life. Working a part-time job is one thing that can greatly improve this experience. While studying should surely be the major priority for students, having a part-time job has several advantages that can help students have a complete and fruitful college student life experience. Therefore I think it is important of having a part-time job for students in college as well as how it enhances their quality of life.In order to become financially independent, college students should seriously consider taking on a part-time job. The cost of attending college can be high, and students frequently have to pay for things like college fees, textbooks, living expenses, and everyday costs of living. Students can lessen the financial load on their families and learn how to handle their money by working a part-time job to pay for these costs.Students who work part-time have a great opportunity to network professionally. Managing a part-time work while performing well at college fosters a sense of achievement, which boosts confidence and self-esteem of individuals. Students develop a sense of freedom and independence as they meet their financial obligations and overcome difficulties at employment. They are better equipped to take on bigger difficulties in their future jobs thanks to their increased self-confidence. In conclusion, doing a part-time job while in college has several advantages. I do believe that working part-time not only lessens the financial load but also gives students real-world experience, encourages personal development, and improves their chances of finding employment. 
I believe that it's crucial for college students to work a part-time job. We have a lot more desires as college students than we did as high school students. We want to travel to many places, eat delicious meals, and purchase new items. Some college students find that the funding provided by their parents is insufficient. As young adults, we desire to support ourselves financially. And occasionally we feel pressured when we ask our parents for further pocket money. First and foremost, doing  part-time work allows us to get fresh working experiences. Our experiences will be beneficial to us at work and when we establish our own business when we grow old. A college student, in my opinion, should have an interest in both academics and earning some pocket money by doing part time job. Second, we can use our own cash to enroll in courses that we are interested in, like ,cooking, baking and art classes like how to make bouquets. Additionally, college students can work freelance job like translators. They can improve their translation skills by working a part-time job like this one. A student won't improve at any other talents if they don't participate in extracurricular activities. In conclusion, I believe that part-time job is a good idea for college students to get experience and to earn some extra pocket money.
                                As a university student, I believe that it is important for the students to have a part- time job. Nowadays, the prices of every goods rise as the dollar prices rise. So, it is not easy for us to spend only the pocket money that our parents give, especially for the students whose family is not wealthy enough. There may be some courses that the students want to attend but can't because of their unwealthy  situations. For those, part-time jobs are the finest jobs.  It also make the students to become more extroverted and companionable. And they will also get experiences at the teenager life and it is good for them when they become adults. And they can also communicate with the people older than them. This will also improve the social skills of the students. They will also save money for themselves. Also, the students from wealthy family should part-time job. Because it can get many experiences whether they are good or bad. They can know not only their working skills but also their communication skills. If they work hard, they can also support some money to their family. But the only bad fact about this is they can only have less time for their studies.
 

College students who work part-time are better able to become financially independent by paying for their own expenses including tuition, books, and rent. Students who work part-time gain experience in the real world that complements their academic training. They gain useful abilities that they can use in their future employment, such as problem-solving, communication, teamwork, and time management. Students who work part-time are exposed to a wide variety of people, including coworkers, managers, and customers. Through such conversations, students might create contacts that may be useful in getting apprenticeships or future job opportunities.. Contrary to what many people think, working part-time can improve academic success. The development of good organizational abilities, time management skills, and the ability to balance obligations are all taught to students. Improved academic performance is frequently a result of this increased discipline. College students benefit completely from doing a part-time job. They gain the ability to balance a variety of duties, overcome obstacles, and establish good work practices. They are better equipped for the pressures of the working world thanks to these experiences, which also promote adaptability, confidence in oneself, and individual growth.
Due to these reasons mentioned above, personally I do believe that college students should do part time job.
 
I agree on this topic.At the present time, we can see many sorts of jobs in the world or on social media.Last few years ago,part-time jobs weren't popular.A large percentage of people only know about full time jobs.At that time most students don't get the chance to graduate.In university,we need to buy our course books and also tutorial books or practical books.Some students are able to buy this books because of their pareants.For poor students,they have some difficulties to buy books. Some college students get support from their parents or families, while others don't.So that the students who don't receive support from their families need some amount of money to learn the lessons and go to the university.It is easy to get a part-time job in Korea,Japan and so on.In my opinion,there are a small number of part-time jobs in Myanmar.If there were a lot of part-time jobs in this world,the students can earn money and they don't need to ask their parents for money.Moreover the students who work will have better time-management skills than the students who don't work.Furthermore,they can manage the finance.Finally,almost every student needs to work under a company after graduated with the exception of rich kids.Most companies will employ who have experience.You will get some experience before you graduate if you worked part-time jobs in university student life.These are my reasons why I agree on the topic: It is important for college students to have a part-time job.
  For my opinion,I think it is important for most college students to get  part time jobs.Bemon many need money to spend on many thing.Such as playing games,having meals,giving presents each others and other things.
 When we become college students,our community are wider than before.So ,we will get many friends and we also need to enjoy the happiness with them.If you want to get happiness with them ,you need to spend money on them.Most of the parents don't give their children alot of money.So ,they want pocket money more.If you also want more you should find part time job which is suitable with you.By doing this ,you can get enough money and you will know how hard to get money.So you dare to spend your own money on happiness.
 As for me ,I can get extra money by teaching biology to the private school students.On the other countries the governments give many chances to the youths especially students.These chances are to give the students jobs which are suitable for them.Such as at cafe ,mini shops,bakery and other jobs which are easy to work for them.The part time jobs can also make students to be mature because this jobs make them to communicate with other people.So I'm very agree with it is very important for college students to have a part-time job. 
 College students today encounter a variety of difficulties which extend beyond academic achievement in a competitive environment. Getting real-world experience through part-time employment is an essential part of their development. I truly think that doing part-time work throughout college is essential for various reasons, despite some people's arguments to the contrary.
Part-time work is a great way for college students to gain practical experience. These positions provide chances for students to put their classroom learning into practice, deepening their awareness of their chosen subjects. In addition, students acquire crucial abilities like figuring out solutions, communicating with others, and time management, all of which are highly valued by employers.

Additionally, students who work part-time can develop their professional networks and make important connections in their fields. In order to give them a head start in their careers, these contacts may result in work experiences, coaching, and or even full-time work offers after graduation.
While it's important to keep a balance between employment and school, a part-time job can serve as a springboard for both professional and personal development. It imparts important life lessons to college students, fosters an intense desire to succeed, and aids in their development into balanced people who are more equipped to face the challenges that lie ahead. In general, taking a job while in college is a chance to invest in a better and more prosperous future. 
 Students, especially from colleges and universities, ought to get a job for their expenses such as food,snacks,fees for transportation,internet and others.From my general perspective,it is true that earning money from part-time jobs is really reasonable for college students.However,there are always some people with different opinions on every factors.

Some people believe that teenagers,college or university students, must try standing on their own feet,which means that they have to work to be independent.When they have a job,they can earn some extra money,the first thing they would benefit by doing part-time jobs.That money would also provide the knowledge of its value,and the ability how to handle the living expense,bills and the cost of education.Moreover,according to work experiences,they would be the priority of selection comparing to others.

On the other hand,there are also some people ,including me,who oppose the idea that having a part-time job is crucial for college students.Some people consider that doing a part-time job is such a waste of time and energy.Instead of earning little extra money,they should prefer studying the lessons in order to achieve good grades in college or university.Those grades would enable to receive a scholarship program,and finally lead to obtain a job offering lots of money.People should look forwards the given amount of money from the scholarship programs,and the worth of the knowledge or education which would be offered.
 
In conclusion,I would not deny that there would be advantages to working,whatever,the benefits of studying weigh more on the advantages of having a job.In other words,students should not follow the money by looking just for a short-term. 

 
 Working is a part of living. We have to study, work, relax and play for life balance. From worm to death, we learn a lot of new things and try to fix in the society. Studying and working should be balance because 'health is wealth'. We are responsible for our own decisions and choices so that we have to do what we can do. So, it is important for college students to have a part time job.
First of all, you can get extra income and better communication with other strangers. Everything is expensive in these days, so if you have part-time job, your parents' responsible for your school will be obviously release. Secondly, you can join extra classes with your own money. Using your own money and pocket is different because you can feel the result of your effort when you use yours. Furthermore, you will know the value of money and how to use it effectively. Lastly, your thought and opinion on money will change and you can get motivation from your co-workers and you will realize living in this kind of world is not easy as you think.
In conclusion, studying is the most important thing for students but you have to take responsibility as an adult. But, never do above boundaries for everything. Being an adult is not easy. So, as a college student, it is important to have a part-time job for your extra needs because the world is still developing and we need to remind ourselves as our parents are getting older day by day. So, know your limits and do it in a right way.
 
The world is changing and it is not enough for the students just with our school study. Some students do internship before they have finished their academic study. Internship gives them new experiences and new knowledge. Like the internship, part-time jobs play an important part in students' life. We can get new experiences and knowledge from the job. The world becomes globalized and opened. Almost every youth know that they need to get a job both for their social network and for their income. By doing part-time jobs, we can earn some money which we can use to buy the things we like. We can contribute to everything that we want. Having money makes you gain confidence. Therefore, part-time jobs become popular among the students. Some part-time jobs can be done outside the school hours. It is not a burden for students. However, the part-time jobs that have trouble with school works can give inconvenience for the students. There are also parents who don't want their sons and daughters to work before graduation in Myanmar. In my opinion, parents should give permission to work to some extent if the students do not have the problem with their school study since part-time job can pave the students for their career after graduation. 
As a University students we Agreed.We need money to pay our students loan to the university,Text books,and lab coat for practical.The university is way more far from our home so We need to take Bus or Private School Bus.Sometime Our major friends group meet up at to restaurants or café to eat some foods and talk about our personal things or major subject things.But the only difficulty might be the time table of class attend in university.We can't rest from work for practical subject day in university because the practical is always that time in every weeks.So that might be the biggest problem for university students who work part time jobs.I am not saying we need to work full hours in part time job.But that is not our own business so we need to take the time that our boss give and to think rather work or rest from part time job.Some other is like try not to sleepy in class lecture because of the tireness from work.Most of the part time jobs from university sleepy in lecture time and teachers was not try to wake them up because they have to teach their chapter in the remaining time.So yeah Overall I agree because of the money cost in university.
"Yes, I'm agree. It is important for college students to have a part-time job because college students really need money. Money can make everything. So we had a lot of money. Every international country have a part-time job for college students but our country haven't a part-time job for college students. It's so bad for me. When we make a part-time job, we can solve our money problem like school fees. Money is second god. Nowaday,we are solveing person problems by using money. So we need a lot of money. Therefore, college students need a part-time job. Most country's college students can be choose by many part-time job but our country's can't. Therefore, I want a part-time in my country. It's just my opinion. If our country has a part-time job for college students,I think that our young life will pass comfortably. Some college students need 
a part-time job. Part-time job can help us pay school fees and pocket money. So we need a part-time job. Every job can improve our youth's mind. For example- maturity ,experience,social relations.So,it is important for college students to have a part-time job.Therefore, college students should have a part-time job.
"
"       I think every students need part-time job.
Because we meet every person so we will get  many knowledge.We can spend this knowledge our work or environment.And we can pay our school fee.Other,we can pay our hostel fee.We can help my parents this paying.So we can proud ourself.
          We can leaning by listening the language of the other country people.We can improve listening skill.We can study english language myself.We don't need to ask our parents money.We can stand only one.We don't take the helps of anyone.Other one, we can pay my expenses myself.So, we will reduce the expenses of my family for myself.
              We can improve the number of friends because of we treat and speak many people.We can meet different people so we can know different mind of other people.We can get many experiences.So,I think the part-time jobs are good for every students.We cannot depend our parent every students.Yes,I agree the part-time jobs is important for collage students."
I agree of this topic. Because it's important for college students we spend a lot of money.So I think we have to work part-time job.For me, I don't want to spend alot of my parents money. The advantage of having a part-time job is we can use our time useful,correctly and then we can get more experience.By doing this we can get alot of knowledge, improve our skill, communication well with people(like customers or boss or senior) and we can get likeability.If we have all of this we can get a good position in the future.After we finished we have to work so if we have already experience we can get job easily. That's why part-time job is important. For a college students we need alot of money like to buy a book, bus fees and other essential thinng. When we need money we can use our own money not from our parents. Also I don't want to depend on my parents for everything. If I can I want to do everything alone and I want to be a strong women. In other countries, when they become teenagers they left their house and they start their new life on they own. So I also want to be like that. 
Yes.I agree it.Because There are many students who are poor. There are many students who want to go to college.They need to earn some money to go to college.In many countries, some students are doing some part-time jobs.There are so many part-time jobs for students.Collage students go to university at afternoon and in the evening they go to part-time job to work.It`s fine for students.Not only students but also others can work part-time job. But in Myanmar, it's so hard to do part-time job. If we do part-time job we don't need to worry about money. The money which get from part-time jobs are enough for students. But It will be a little tired for them.But part-time job are reorient for students. The students are doing one more part-time jobs to get more money. Part-time jobs are divided day job and night job but most students are doing night job. Some are doing in supermarket, some are doing in the restaurant. And some students who are studying in foreign countries are doing part-time job. Some foreign students get scholarship but it's doesn't enough for their school projection.196  Part-time job is so reorient for student.
Part-time job is a suitable work for students not only in our country but also in another countries.Students,they had been depend for 16 years in their parents until they had finished matriculation exam.When they become college students,they don't want to depend on their parents.So, they find the part-time job around the city to work in.The have to  attend the class regularly and they want to find another pocket money so they agree to work.Part-time job is good for college students because they don't need to work the whole day.In college students lives, they want to make many things.That are for funny and relax their minds.If they will go outside with their friends,they really need money to spend for eating and shopping.So they want money to spend. At that time when they will have part-time job ,they don't need to worry about it.And they won't scold from their parents.In college,there were many things to buy such as books,lab coats and the other things. That's why students want  to get more money from part-time jobs.Part-time jobs  give many benefits.For students,I think they also like their part-time jobs. They don't need to worry about the time because it was already adjust the working hours with their studies hours.There were many part-time jobs are increasing all over the world.And they help not only the many college students but also for the other people who they work in there.In conclusion, I really like the part-time jobs and appreciate the owners of this.That's why I agree this job 100%.
I agree of this topic because College students needs own lifestyle. We should not make our parents to pressure. The College students spend a lot of money. So we make decisions how to make our own way. Doing both school and work will give us new experiences in life. We can learn not only study knowledge but also life knowledge. We should also do a good job because sometimes we down the worng path way.In the college we should make daily list how to make our daily routine.If we have job we have a little time to be studying because we are tired when we back home . So we should make daily routine list . Today, we have many problems like county problems, diseases so on.So people have depression and money problem. So we must be do if we attended the college, we should be work part time jobs. In this country we don't have part time jobs. It's not good for college students. Above the mention, It's important for college students to have a part time jobs 
Part time jobs are very useful for college students because they need money to buy many books. We should buy college text books.If you have no books for school you will lost your way.So we need many part time job.They help for us money and more experience.We are not rich kids so we need more try to work. Not only College students but also university students should do part time job become of buy something.Maybe many students are age 18 or 19 so they need outfit to wear.We don't work every time as a worker but can work some time that our free time .Our country has a few part time job.We need more job for students.The most adventage of part time jobs are get extra money.Money is very useful for us.We can buy many books and outfit with that extra money.By the working of college students is more mature and more comfortable in life. And then we get some degree, we need to do many walk for life.So we need to get experience from the part time job.
    Part time job is a great job for every university students and for the people who is difficult for their everyday life. Nowadays part time job become popular and include a very important part of earn money for people. Mostly we can see part time job in developed country. For example Korea and China. Many young people are interested to earn money for their life. And so they choose part time job.
Our country is developing country and there is no popular about part time job. But in big city we used to see a part of part time job about delivery. Part time job can support many young people 's life .Most of students are doing part time job when their school off day and free time of their lesson and learning. We can find out many orphan children doing part time job for their survival of life .We need here to explain little about part time job. Every country of government limited the time for part time worker. But it has different types of age .In Japan , the government allowed part time job for four hour per day. But every state haven't exact limit time about part time job.
 Finally, part time job is the one essential for every classes of people. There are many types of part time job in our environment. Some are easily to do and some are not.So everyone be happy in your part time job.
"
Yes , it is important for college students to have a part time job. It's not just about the money. Job also give us skill that are very useful . We learn how to solve the problems and work with team. And it can also help tuition fees, books and food etc. It teaches us time management and responsibility, balancing work and study. It can providing money for saving up for the future. A part time job can offer practical skill and support with education. This  can help making more inform career choices after graduation. It also teach us  budgeting and the value of money. Working also helps us become more independent. We get to handle responsibilities without someone always watching over us. Too much work can complex our studies. So, it's important to find balance between work and school . Having a part-time job in college is such a big deal . It helps us with money, teaches us loads of skills, and makes us more responsibility . Doing  part time job during university life will help as work experience for future career in good way. It's like being a student and a worker at the same time. When you finish your university and looking for a job , these skill will help you . 
"We all are students .So we enjoy like student's life. Sometime we need to job due to some cases during learning about our subjects. In Myanmar, there is no place in job for students  and companies are not offer job for students. They all are want full-time workers. But we are not do both. So they should offer part-time job. 

Firstly, we have own money and spend our own when we have part time job. So we can use for school fees. But we will tried because we do two thing that is job and studying. In work , we meet many people and their hobby or ambition or goal. So we get as a little support from them. And we can find the people who is same hobby and specialize in his industrial field.so we get advice our gold from them. But we need to know what is important  and what is unimportant  now. When we have a job , our family don't worry about our school fees and our pocket money. Our family are also do some investment with their money. But When we can get our own money, we may not study seriously our school subject.

Conclusion, being part-time job in Myanmar is very important for us. we help my own and or our family. "
"   Part time job is essential for the university students like us.In nowadays, everything is expensive so we are not enough the pocket money that given from our parents.But the middle country like our country can't have many part times job.So we have need a lot of part time job in future.
  The part time job is good to increase the economic of our country and it will increase the supply .So the increase of the so the demand will be more produce and the economic of the country will be increased.In the future the economic of the country of will be higher.The higher economic mean the country will be more wealthy and every part of the country will increase like education and everything else.
   So the part time job are the important for not only the students and workers but also important to increase everything for country.
I thought that in future the part time job will be increase the part time job in our country.So every students like us can earned from the extra money from the part time job."
"             I do agree.It is important for college students to have part-time job.If we,the students, have part-time job, we can make our own money and it can be less pressure for our parents.However,we need time to study for our school lesson. So sometimes we have to struggle.
            In Myanmar,  doing part-time job is not trend.In west countries,especially in European countries, most college students, have a part-time job.They support themselves. Having part-time job gives students job-experience.So it is also a good training.Therefore, every student need to have a part-time job. So that after the school,when we will be graduated,we will be ready to get a job and to work hard in the job. So I would like to say that it is also a key to succeed in life.Since we are in college, we can learn needed skills in the job.We can learn good behaviors, characters, leadership skill, time management,business management and so on.But we can not have the full course of skills. We can learn a part of skill from the seniors of every job-position. Since we have to deal with others form every position,we can also make to improve our soft-skill, an important skill.
              In conclusion,since doing part-time job can gives us essential skills to improve our daily life,if possible, we have to have a part-time job.Therefore I also agree this topic, importance of having a part-time job for college students."
