In my opinion, I strongly agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. This is because students can learn knowledge which may beyond the theoretical knowledge that can obtained during the lecture in college. As we know, students are able to learn theoretical knowledge when studying in college, however, they can get extra practical experience when doing a part-time job. For me, this is indeed a golden opportunity, whereby students can apply their theoretical knowledge in the workplace. Apart from that, part-time job is an analogy for internship, where students can get exposed to various graduate attributes such as communication skills, critical thinking skills, adaptability skills, problem solving skills, teamworking and leadership skills. In the workplace, it is important for students to sharpen their communication skills to avoid misunderstandings among each other. This practical experience will definitely enhance their problem-solving and critical thinking skills. Moreover, college students are encouraged to have a part-time job as it will provide an additional income to cover their daily expenses. This will reduce parent's burden and enhance student's financial management skills indirectly. As the saying goes,  All works and no play make Jack a dull boy.  Working a part-time job can release student's stress in the academic field rather than spending time to study and do revision for the whole day. Thus, it is important for college students to have a part-time job due to the reasons aforementioned.
 Many students prefer to work as a part timer just to earn some pocket money to support their living. But do you know that majority who work part time job are from average or belong to poor family background where their parents can't even support their living and many siblings are needed  others to be supported. Indirectly, I would say most of them are forced to work part time besides studies. Therefore, in my opinion I think it is important for any college students to work as a part timer.Due to, self discipline, enlighten family burden and widen their job scope opportunity.
First of all, self discipline among themselves where they need to be balanced up between their work and studies wise or else they will be disqualified from respective universities or colleges if one couldn't achieve or maintain certain gradings. Also, they must be smart enough to arrange schedule accordingly so they won't neglect their academics at the same time.
Being a dutiful daughter or son in a family, must bear the responsibility of taking care of the family welfare just as simple as supporting family living expenses. In order to do so, one could work as a part timer just to enlighten the burden of their parents. 
In addition, widen job scope opportunity where one is engaged in a society earlier before they could graduate. Grabbing one opportunity which one is desired by any of us where communication brings the wide gap in fulfilling the job scope in future. For example,working as a waiter or waitress could train their confident level to speak with others in future without any fearfulness. 
In conclusion, self discipline, enlighten family burden and seizing job opportunity are the eyes opening for them to work as part timers besides being a student. 
 
Yes, I would be one of those who totally agree with college students having a part-time job. There are many reasons why having a part-time job whilst studying is crucial. First and foremost, students need extra money to study comfortably; considering equipment and materials that they require to maximise their interests and attention in study. The learning process would be less interrupted if these students are able to buy things easily, without worrying the shortage of fund which have been provided by parents or any loan provider. Secondly, it is as an early exposure of gaining experience at work. Every circumstance that they encounter at work matters in developing their perspectives and knowledge. Students who face more problems would obviously solve more problems than those who only study at college and this would increase their problem-solving skills. Lastly, most students nowadays are exhaustively influenced by the use of technology and these tools are not cheap at all; perhaps one source of income might not sufficient. In regards to that, infusing technology in classroom is totally effective in providing students with the latest update and easy access of information. Imagine if students have not enough money to spend on technological tools to enhance their learning experience? One thing for sure, they would feel left behind. Therefore, it is vital for students to have a part-time job despite of challenges at work as the outcome of having extra money will always be positive.
I agree with the statement that student should have a part-time job. In this technology eras, student should have a part time job to support their cost living or at least support their desire. There are few benefits that student can achieve from having a part time job. Student can learn how to be a responsible person. To do part time job, they need to do the work by their own without any helped from others. They also will realise that the mistake they do will effect others people life and be responsible for it. They need to be trained to live in reality, that everything have the conscious. Other than that, student will know about how hard their parents need to work just to raise them. Moreover in this centuries, everything needs money and the price for it is not cheap. In this context, they will more appreciate their parents. They will know more about hard work and appreciate every penny and spending it wisely. Moreover, by do part time job, student can learn how to manage their time. This skill is really important in this time as people need to divide their time fairly with their carrier and personal live. By poor time management can lead people into several mental health such as anxiety, depression and others. Last but not least, the difference between student that do part time job with regular students is they manage to get new experience and  new life skill. They can a learn a lot about how people in industry work. This is a huge benefit for them after they graduated from their studies.
 I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
Firstly, with part-time job, students can earn their pocket moneys without asking the financial support from their respective families. The pocket money earned can be used to pay their study fees andddx life expenses such as rental fee, electricity bill, water bill and many more. The decision of doing part-time job can help students and their families to reduce the financial burden and support their daily lives. Moreover, having a part-time job can provide experience to the students which is beneficial to their futures. They will acquire both soft skills and hard skills which can improve their competencies in the future. For instance, if he or she is working as a part-time cashier at coffee shop, he or she must be able to communicate with customers fluently without any difficulty. Besides, works as a customer-service staff can greatly improve one's communication and interpersonal skills. Furthermore, having a part-time job allows students to expand their networks including the customers, colleagues and employers. Those students who had working experience might have higher adaptability compared to those who does not have any working experience. In a nutshell, I think the advantages of working as a part-timer are more than the disadvantages, therefore I suggest students to do a part time job to improve their skills.
 
I am totally agreeing for a college student to have a part-time job. In Malaysia, most of the college students are more than 18 years old, which consider adult in law, therefore an adult supposed to be had the ability to taking care of themselves. Not only that, in this fast-paced community having a part time job will ease the students to get into working environment later. Next, I believe that most of the parents of college students are almost reaching retiring age, with part-time job the burden brought to them will reduce especially for those from poor family. Moreover, in JobStreet, MyFututeJob or any job seeker website, for sure there will be a section for you to fill up your working experience. With the extra working experience, your application will have more advantages to be reviewed by the company. Friends and relationship undoubtedly are somethings that everyone need in this community. With this part-time job, the student will be able to learn more friends and able to find those 'true' friends. Nevertheless, having more relationship indirectly benefit someone to be have more chances compare to others. On the other hand, getting in touch with more people will train the student to have a more comprehensive judgement on a new met person. Planning is the basis of everything, if you don't know how the things getting around, it is very hard for you to come out with a good result. Students who have a part-time job will allow them to learn how to plan and adjust between priority, in this case most significantly time management between study and work. 
 I agree with the statement which stated that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. As a college student, we will be stepping into our next path which is in the working environment and working part-time during our university's life undeniably will help to develop skills that required in the future workspace and if we are looking into long term wise, part-time job will bring more pros than cons to a college student too. If possible, part-time job related to the major would be much better.

The main task for a college student is to excel in the major that one is taking so that they would have a better chance to be offered a job that they are looking fo and with bonus on working part-time the percentage of receiving offer will become higher. This is because most of the companies preferably hiring someone who have been exposed to the working environment as this will required less time for the company to train the new workers. The college students who have been working on a part-time job get to establish their skills such as time management, communication skills and most importantly the technical skills that would be much useful to the company. 

Part-time job indirectly helps the students to develop better time management as they have to well handle both the studies and job at the same time. Learning on how to maintain a work life balance is a one of the main topics that has been discussed in todays's hectic world, therefore if a college student with part-time job could succeed from the packful and stressful life it should be considered as part of the achievement from part-time job too. 
 
 In my opinion, as a student, I strongly agree that having a part-time job is really important. Part-time jobs are like preparation for us, students before officially entering real society. As a student, having a part-time job, helps us to gain experience in many ways. For example, as a waiter, we are required to communicate with customers and co-workers in English throughout whole working days. This enables us to be trained and improved our communication skills which directly helped us to be more confident in speaking in English. Other than that, during part-time jobs, we might face some unpredictable situations and it requires us to react quickly and think fast in order to solve the problems. This could definitely help college students in their academics and also during their interview sections for a company, as it strongly improves their critical thinking and flexibility skills. 
	According to the economy of Malaysia, all the prices of food, transportation, and other necessities increased to a high level. Everything is considered expensive, especially for a college student. By having a part-time job, college students will be able to have side incomes to help to cover the expenses of their daily activities, tuition fees, and college fees. With good incomes, students will have the freedom to participate in extracurricular events. This helps students to gain more knowledge other than academics and improve their social skills during these events.
	In conclusion, college students having a part-time job is important as it helps students to improve their confidence, social skills, and communication skills. It also provides freedom for students to participate interested events or spend on their hobbies. 
I am fully agreeing that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Nowadays, the prices of everything are increasing year by year and people also pursuing for higher quality of life. As a college student, not only that we need to spend for the school fees but there are also more expenses like food, live place, transport and so on that we need to worry about. For some students with better grades, they might able to get a scholarship thus no need to worry about these expenses but for the poor students with lower grades, the easiest way for them to cover these expenses is to find a part-time job. By having a part-time job, students will be able to fill up their stomach and live in a good place. Apart from that, students can also have a savings which might come in handy during emergency occur. Besides, having a part-time job will provide us with much more working experience that can be written into resume which will help us after graduation. By spending time on the part-time job, we utilise our free time in a good way and preventing us to waste our time on activities that are unbeneficial to our future. In conclusion, college students should try to get a part-time job as it brings us so much benefits during college and after graduation. 
 	In my opinion, I agree with the idea of a college student having part-time jobs. One of the several reasons is that college students should begin to develop the capability to live independent financially, in other words, live without the financial support from their parents. Most college students are already adults (assuming the age more than 18 is classified as adult), they should possess some sense of responsibility towards themselves and their families by understanding that there is no free lunch in this world. They should understand in the previous years ever since that they are born, they are practically living off their families, to put it in a bad way, lived like a parasite. However, that only holds true if they do not improve their self-worth and working part time jobs is a good start by reducing the financial responsibility of their families. In my opinion, it is not necessary for college students to live only on paychecks from part-time jobs. It should be sufficed if they can pay for their own wants (anything results from their desire). 
	Next, working part-time jobs helps improve self-worth. As mentioned above, as an adult, it is important to realize that the reality is that we are all building blocks for this society, for better or worse reasons, and society will quickly reject those who do not bring benefits to the community. To achieve self-improvement, part-time jobs may be the quickest way aside from joining co-curricular activities. This is because almost all jobs are striving to complete tasks within their scope with minimum effort, time, and capital, at the same time maximizing profit. For example, a creative and innovative person often able to bring in fresh ideas that people quickly develop interest in, this may be a business opportunity. 
 I strongly agree with the statement. In my opinion, the main reason for the students goes for part-time job is to earn money for their study fee and for pocket money. Every student comes from different backgrounds, for example the students from a poor family and single parents' family that is lack of money, they might go for part-time jobs to earn money to reduce the burden from their parents. 
Secondly, having a part-time job is a very good chance for the students for practising the soft skills such as time management and communication skill. For example, students having part-time jobs are having lesser time compared to the one with no part-time jobs. In this way, they should plan their time wisely so that they can complete the task and assignment given by the school and catch up to the syllabus taught in the school. Besides that, having part-time jobs such as promoter and waiter, most of the time they are dealing with the customers and need to speak often. In this way, the students having part-time jobs will have more experience on how to speak and handle some critical situations and customers. 
In conclusion, having part-time jobs are beneficial to the students such as earning extra money, sharpening the soft skills. In my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part-time job. 
 Recently, taking part-time jobs among college students seems to be a trend. There are various part-time jobs, ranging from waiter to tuition teacher. The reasons most students take part-time jobs are because they need more pocket money to pay for their academic finances or buy luxury items. Is it important for college students to have a part-time job? Well, I guess everyone will give a different answer. In my opinion, it is not necessary to have a part-time job as a must and I disagree with the title. 
First, taking a part-time job will surely used up most of the time, making the time for studies becoming lesser. As a student, the most important role is to study well and learn in college. It is ok if the part-time jobs will not affect your studies, but if yes, then better give up the part-time jobs. It is because we still have lots of chances to take jobs after we graduate.
Second, by having part-time jobs, students can gain experience in working. However, joining co-curriculum should be a better alternative. By joining co-curriculum, students can learn even more about their major and be able to make friends with the same interest. If doing part-time, they might only work alone or learn skills which are not applicable in their major.
In conclusion, it is not wrong for a college student to have a part-time job, but bear in mind that the part-time jobs should be legal and this decision should not affect the role as a college student. 
 
Yes, it is important for college students to have a part time job. This is because part time job can help college students to gain extra social experiences that will never be taught during college life. In college life, students may be taught to gain experiences on how to get high score in academic aspect but when they come to real life working situation, they may be lack of the experiences that need to be acquired in the real working society. Therefore, it is important for college student to gain working experiences related or not related to the course they were studying. The experiences may be related on how to deal with different types of people, how to communicate effectively in a team, etc. With all the experiences gained during the part time job, college students are able improve their self-confidents level and thus build up their self-personal traits such as responsibility, team working ability, rationality, etc. Moreover, college students with a part time job can not only gain working experiences but they can earn some extra pocket money. The extra pocket money can be used not only to enjoy their college life but also it can be the capital money for those who want to have their own business after graduated from their college. Even for some college students who are having some financial problem, part-time job can help them to earn money for paying their college fee. For example, in Japan there are many college students having a part time job in convenience store to gain some extra pocket money. 
In my opinion, it is unimportant for college students to have a part-time job. Involving in part-time job might affect students' academic performance if they don't manage their time wisely.  Apart from that, students might be distracted by the income gained from part time job and ignore their duty as a students. As what we often see on news, some students neglected their academic as they are focussing on gaining money to buy luxurious item such as phone, tablet to satisfy their desire. For a college student, time is the most precious thing for them during campus life. Thus, college students should focus and concentrate on their academic as it is the ultimate goal expected to achieve in the end of study. Therefore, college students should take their time to absorb the knowledge as much as they can. Other than academic, extra-curricular  is another crucial part which college students should focus on. Actively participate in various program such as volunteering event and campus society is able to provide the same experience as doing part-time jobs do. By involving themselves in those program, college students are able to work as a team and provide leadership skills while opportunities arise. Plus, joining extra-curricular events don't consume a lot of time as part time jobs do. College students are free to join their preferable program during their free time and gain the skills at the same time.  In a nutshell, I strongly disagree that having a part time job is important for college students.
I agree that it is college student to have a part-time job. Part-time job is working on a job during studying period such as being a cashier, promoter and many more. This will benefit the student by giving them some extra pocket money while they are studying and not solely depends on their parents for their expenditure. Being independent is a thing that we need to do during our study because we can train ourselves to not just depends on others and try our best to live and survive. Students and also try to value more on the money they get paid as they work their sweat of for a month in order to get paid. Students will also learn on the time management skills as they try to attend work and study at the same time. It is not an easy task to divide the time as efficient as it was before taking any part-time job because some will have to endure the tiredness and also loneliness as they do not have much time to spend on themselves and also others. The fatigue will drain them mentally and physically but does it not worth it? The enjoyment you will have later. However, there are many points of the bright sight rather than the dark side.
I strongly disagree with the statement of  it is important for college students to have a part-time job.  To emphasise the word of  important , I believe it totally depends on an individual's financial and time capability. If we really perceive that it is important for college students to have the part time job, then, the higher education institution has failed in planning its curriculum where the industry training course should be the main core or priority for the students to gain knowledge and experience in the working field. First and foremost, college life only lasts three to four years. If the students focus on seeking part time jobs to gain extra money, it will distract their concentration in having a memorable learning journey as a student. It is totally normal for students these days to have their own business as side income. The Malaysian society also encouraged students to generate their own income while studying full time. Nevertheless, have we ever thought of work-play balance in the education context? If working part time is vital for students, it indirectly adds another burden for students to study while juggling with part time jobs. It is undeniable that part time jobs give a lot of exposure for students to enhance their communication and management skill, however, it should be an option for college students. To conclude, I believe a student should always prioritise their physical and mental health regardless in whatever they are doing. 
Part time jobs are increasing nowadays and college students interested to apply for it. I agree with the statement which is important for some college students. This is because part-time jobs can enhance soft skills. For instance, part time jobs such as in food and beverages field, it requires communication skills to ask, confirm and talk with customers for menu order and others. Next, by doing part time job, college students can gain their own money. Money is important for college students to buy books, stationery and other materials for their academic purpose. So, applying part time job can increase or gain their money and not just dependent on their scholarship and families. Indirectly, they have learned to be independent. After that, part time job can expand networking for college students. This is because they will communicate through the staff, manager and supervisor or person in charge who work at there. From here, they can meet new friends and gain new connection. This will help them a lot because expanding network can ensure that in future the person is reliable and knowledgable. In conclusion, part time job is important to college students. They should take this opportunity to expand their experience in working, gain new friends, and learn how to communicate properly.
 Despite the country is continuously developing, however the salary of the workers in the country still remain at the same rate. Therefore, some are still struggling to put food on tables. Not to mention for those college students that are required to pay for their tuition fees, hostel rental fees and daily necessities. Hence, the college students should find alternatives to find a source of income in their free time as to support their way of living, enhance new skills and find networking.
Next, one of the reasons the college students should have a part-time job is to have their own source of income. Part-time jobs nowadays can be tempting as some job vacancy offers high pay with low working hours which made easier for the college students to apply to. Students can make use of their free time to look for a suitable part-time job that align with their capabilities to earn extra.
In addition, not only the college students get to have income but also they get to develop new skills from the job. If we try to look at a bigger picture, the skills they developed from the part-time job are crucial when they become graduates. For instance, soft skills and hard skills like communication, team-working, adaptability and problem-solving are among the most required skills in the eye of an employer. 
Apart from that, the college students would also be beneficial from the fruitful experience as they acquire networking due to the part-time job. The students would expose to people from different background and professionals that will broaden their vision and the way of thinking. 
In conclusion, I do agree with the statement where it is vital for college students to have a part-time job as they would be beneficial from three aspects mentioned here. 
 
I agree with the topic discussed. College students should have a part-time job as working on a part-time job can help students to gain experience in the working place. As people always said, practical is more important than theory, hence having a part-time job provides a good opportunity for college students to learn things that are from outside classes. Other than that, they can train their soft skills by learning how to communicate and deal with different people from different backgrounds and different education levels. By meeting new people or making new friends, they get to widen their eyesight and gain knowledge from people that are experts in different fields. Having a part-time job also helps to increase college students' pocket money. They can buy things they like with the money they owned by themselves. Besides, they will become more independent as they experienced that earning money is quite tough and time-consuming. Before making any purchases, they will become wiser in deciding whether the things that they bought are necessary or not. College students will also be more alert to the price of their daily necessities since they are spending their own money. They will try to compare the price of the products between a few shops and buy things at a cheaper price. Instead, by working a part-time job, some college students can also save the money they earned for future use. To conclude, having a part-time job benefits college students but students must manage their time well so that they would not miss out on their academics.
In my opinion, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job during their free time. As a college student, he or she needs to pay the tuition fees for every semester to continue the study. Apart from the tuition fees, there is other fees that need to be covered such as expenses for living, service fees and college fees to use the facility and services in university. Some might be able to pay the overall study and living cost during their study, but most of the students are not able to afford the cost and they have no choice but to apply the loan from the government. Malaysian government has provided the loan with the name of  PTPTN , with the aims on helping the local students to continue their study in tertiary education, and the students needs to pay back the loan with interest after their graduation. PTPTN had reduced students' burden on the study fee, but the leftover amount is not enough to cover other expenses due to the inflation. Hence, it is important for college students to have a part-time job so that they have enough money to cover their expenses. Beside that, the college students can be more discipline and independent with occupied a part-time job. They can learn to arrange their time well on managing their work-study balance, this allows them to be more punctual and they will finish the assignment early so that they can work without worrying about their homework. By having a part-time job, students can financially support themselves without asking helps from the family and starting to be more independent in their life. Apart from that, they will learn real skills instead of the theory taught in university through workplace.
It is important for college students to have a part-time job. I totally agree with this statement. I think that student should always have one or two part-time jobs because it brings more benefits than disbenefits. First of all, student can spend their extra time on part-time job rather than wasting it on meaningless activities such as oversleeping and loitering. For example, a college student often has semester break at the end of every semester, he can go find any part-time job that he interested at to prevent boredom and wasting of time. Apart, college students can get extra money from part -time job. For example, I always have my own salary from the part-time job that I find. College students also can have various work experience from part-time job like cashier, waiter, maid and barista. For example, my friend Shirley gets her own barista license thanks to her one-year experience in the café that she became a part-timer. Moreover, college student can get to know many new friends and coworkers in their workplace. For example, Karry gets to know his roommates in the restaurant they both work as a part-timer waiter, shortly after the job, they share a room together thanks to the mutual trust and friendship they build in their workplace. To sum up, college students should always find a part-time job because it is a fun way to enjoy life.
I agree with the statement that college students should have a part time job. It is because their attention will be averted from study after a hectic and stressful working environment which provides a great platform for them to make a balance between job and academic. This challenge also strengthens their time management skill to prioritise tasks and avoid unnecessary distractions. Moreover, in my point of view as a typical Malaysian college student, I can conclude that most of my college friends had some hard times to tackle insufficient time problem due to lack of useful approach such as setting up a time schedule or building a to do list. Some of them also showing signs of low energy level during day time. Thus, I strongly believe that part time job presents a solid training ground for those who have the urge to build up their time and energy management skills. It is also true that college students may take up new soft skill through part time job. For instance, for those who had stepped foot into restaurant or food stalls will be awarded knowledge in culinary skill through constant training. This experience will also be beneficial to those college students who have undergone their career as a professional chef in a long run. On the other hand, part time job may affect academic performance in the long terms. However, I feel that it does not affect much for those who had strong discipline lifestyle.
Yes, I do agree with this statement. As the cost of living has increased per year, students are struggling to make their ends meet. This being said, financial issues have become a big issue for students where students usually have to limit their food intake on a daily basis just to make sure they could survive for another day. Hence, it is important to find ways to get some pocket money by working part time job. The biggest motivation to work a part-time job is money. A stable cash flow gives students the much-needed freedom to live comfortably while also getting rid the fear of not having any money to be spent on their live expenses. Another justification for taking up a part time job is that students will learn how to manage their money well. When students start earning their own money, they naturally start being more cautious when spending the money. Therefore, students will learn budgeting and money management skills which will help them a lot as they got older. Part time jobs also provide students with work experiences which definitely helpful to strengthen and boost their resume. Real-world work experience will not only give students an advantage over fresh graduates but also shows your commitment and diligence, which all employers love to work with.
 I would certainly agree with the issue here which nowadays it is quite a hustle for an individual especially a college student to make ends meet. I would begin to say it is predominant for these students to find a better alternative to survive by having a part-time job. To survive in college, they need to be financially, physically, and mentally stable unless it would be a problem if they were not able to do that. Not every person came from a wealthy family, there are some who could not even eat at least three times a day like other lucky individual do. Living alone without family in college is a huge responsibility and challenge as everything need to be done by ourselves. One of the prime reasons why college students need to have a part-time job is it can provide them with extra financial support. Renting a room, buying books and foods along with paying for tuition fees are some of the things that worry them the most. Other than that, some students are not coming from a financially stable family and some might come from middle-class family. Students whom family are struggling to survive each day really think that it is a good opportunity for them to get a part time job since it would help their family. In most cases, students do pay their own tuition fees as their family could not afford to help them financially. Hence, they also need to provide their family with necessities. Moreover, some college students think that having a part time job will make them to become independent person as they can provide their own financial sources without depending on their family. It is good for them as they now know their own responsibilities and commitment to live by their own.



 
Yes, I agree. I think it is important for college students to have a part time job because they can earn their own money and they also can learn not to rely on their parents. This is because some college students do not have enough money to buy what they want and sometimes they cannot make a full payment regarding college stuff such as textbooks, transport or other things. As I know, some colleges are very expensive, and the fees cost a lot. Students who cannot get a scholarship and make a student loan may fight so hard just to get into a college they dream of because of it they must make sure that they do not have any problems with college.  Next, they will have real experience when working with other people. For me, this is a very good opportunity for them after they graduate because they already have experience and skills. For example, they know how to communicate with people, know how to solve problems, and easily can adapt in any situation. Last but not least, time management is very important. As for me, it is very hard to balance studies and do a part time job because it requires a lot of energy and sometimes you need to sacrifice your sleep. But overall, they can learn how to manage time efficiently and prioritize the important things in life.   
 As we all know, a part time job is where we do additional work after working hours of our main occupation. Nowadays, part time jobs are becoming popular not only among adults, but also teenagers. For them, there is no problem doing a part time job as long as people know how to manage their time wisely between working and studying. For the statement, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are a few reasons why I agree with the statement. Firstly, college students who have a part time job will help their parents by lowering the burden. They will pay their education fee and buy everything they want by themselves. Not only that, their parents do not have to worry about the money pocket every month as the student already had their side income. So it is important to have a part time job.

Secondly, students will get experience from their part time job. They can get to know how to do the job and solve the problem in a workplace. With these experiences, they can apply for jobs that will help them in the future.

Lastly, a part time job can help students to improve their soft skills in and outside the class. Students will be experts in communication skills as they use to deal with people in the workplace. Moreover, they also get to know about time management so that they can improve their mistakes in timing.

The conclusion is, a part time job is not something that will cause bad for college students. There are many benefits that can be proven in many ways. Despite that, it also will bring the bad sides of a part time job if we do not know how to handle it. 
No, I disagree with the statement given above. In my opinion, to have a part-time job as a students is a choice for them and its not that important. It could be inconvenient for them to study and do a job even it is part-time because it could bother their focus in their study. As a student, study should be their first responsibility. If they do part-time job, their academic performance could be affected because they will feel exhausted from work and do not have time to do their assignments or study. The grades also will be affected because of lack of time and energy. Then, if they do part-time, they also would be less time for themselves because other than study, students also need to have their own time for themselves too. They need to rest to make sure they have perfect energy to go to the class and to do their study activities. Moreover, as a student, they may felt depressive if they could not catch up the lesson. So, if they do part-time job it may lead to mental health issues if it affected their academic performance. Students also do not have good rest and may get sick if they are lack of sleep or overwork.
Yes, I agree with that statement. It's important for college students to have a part-time job as their side income. As a university students, we know that our university bills and fees is not cheap. it's way more too expensive than we expected. And it's not easy to put all the responsibility on our parents to pay all the fees by themselve. We know they also have their own hard time. As a child, we know what the right things we need to do. other than that, we know part-time job really give them a good experience such as, they can improve their communication skills, teamwork job, time management and make a new friends. By the amazing experience they gained, they can use it for their job's interview in the future. Effective time management really important for college students. They can practice it from there. Practice how to manage time properly without doing any mistake. For other reason why I really recommended college students to have a part-time job is they can make a saving for their future life. To avoid them from bankrupt in the future, they can create their own saving from now. As we all know, backup planning is really important no matter how old are you. Before something bad happen in the future, better they make a good preparation so that they can easily handle the situation without feeling restless.
In my opinion, I agree with the statement above because with economic condition in my country right now students must be smart to find their own way to gain more money to keep them survive in their school or university life. It is because some students that live in poor family so that they can`t just hope to gain more pocket money from their parents. Other than that, mostly students may have spend a lot of their money to pay their for study fee, paying for their subject books and also use more money to buy their essentials. Moreover, among students have their own demand like buying make up, some clothes or want to hang out with their friends so that it will spend a lot of money on it. Besides that, there are benefits for the students if they find their own money by working on their own. The benefits are first if they have their own money, they can help their parents by give their parents some money to buy essentials for survived with other family members. Next, it will teach students discipline on how to spend their money wisely since they find the money by their own. Lastly, student can make more saving for the future since they have a lot of money because they are working. 
Yes, I agree that is crucial for college students to have a part-time job. This is because the increase in the cost of education institutions has become an issue that disturbs society today. Therefore, college students start looking for alternatives to overcome this problem. Firstly, by doing a part-time job, they can help themselves and their families financially. As we know, today's economic uncertainty has resulted in the cost of living rising and burdening. Students can overcome this problem by earning a salary that is suitable for the work done. For example, a student who works part-time in a restaurant can use his salary as an extra income to cover personal expenses such as daily meals, transportation costs and tuition fees. Besides, students can add knowledge and skills to themselves. This is because a part-time job that works by students is usually outside the field of study and exposed to other skills. For instance, a student who works part-time as a restaurant waiter will be able to develop skills in serving customers, organizing work schedules and working in a team. Next, better self-discipline and skills will be formed if students do a part-time job. Good time management is essential for students because they need to divide time between studying and working. For example, they are able to complete their lecture assignments on time. In conclusion, working part-time can help college students gain valuable work experience, develop skills and generate additional income. 
Yes, I agree. Having a part time job can be a big help for students to pay for their college fees and expenses. Students can find a part time job that has flexible working time so that they can balance their work and studies. For instance, they can build up an online shop on the shopping applications and sell goods on it. They can also use up their creativity to make handmade stuff such as keychains, bags, stickers and so on. Then, they can promote their businesses on the internet to increase engagement and attract customers. Other than that, students can apply for a part time job and work physically such as being a cashier at the market on the weekends. They should discuss the available working hours with their employer so that they will not clash with their classes. Thus, students need to have a great sense of time management if they want to have a part time job. Therefore, having a part time job is important for college students as it gives them a side income that can help ease their burden while studying. The side income can ensure that they will have enough money to buy food, pay for fees or any emergency cases.
Yes, I'm agreed because there are lot benefits to college students when they have part-time job in university. For example, they can be more independent person because students who took part-time job while they have leisure time will contribute them to be more discipline to earn money for their life in university without troubling their parents. Independent students in university life will avoid them from financial problems and they also can earn more money if they manage their schedule wisely and not neglected their studies because of that. Second point is college students also can get job experiences from their part-time jobs and they can learned new things while they work there. For example, students will get new experiences while they do the part-time job such as selling fast food at the cafe. It's also can make them learned how to promote their product, improve their quality and many more. Business experiences important to student to had marketing and selling skills for their survive in university life as student without asking for parents' money. Third point of part-time job become important to college students is they can earned their pocket money to buy their things by their own money. Part-time job is important to college students because mostly students had lot of things they want to buy on their mind but financial become problems to them. From the perspective, student need to take part-time job as their side income to buy whatever they want to buy without asking from their parents.
 I am totally agree with the statement. It is because not everyone was born with silver spoon. Some of them can not afford to buy themselves a proper meal. So, in order to survive for life, they have to work as part timer. Part timer is not only for those who are poor but it is also to train you to manage your time properly. On top of that, it is also beneficial for you to interact with people more than you think. It is good for socializing. For example, if you are an introvert, you can work as a part timer in order for you to overcome your social awkwardness. Besides that, you can learn how to manage your money efficiently. When you start making your own money, you are tend to be independently succesful. For instance, you did not ask your parents for money anymore and you also can buy any items that you want without having the thoughts of someone is going to scold you. Next up is, you can stay healthy. By doing your work, your are free from any laziness thoughts. As a result, you always punctual going to your school. In conclusion. part timing somehow can be important for some of the students. 
 The statement  is important for college students to have a part-time job , I totally agree with this kind of statement. Many students have discovered it challenging to make money to survive as the cost of college tuition keeps on increasing. Several people decide to take on a part-time job instead of depending on financial help or support from their families. In the next paragraphs, we are going to explore the benefits of having a part-time job for college students.
	Financial support is the most obvious reason college students should seek a part-time job. A part-time job can give students another source of money since tuition costs, textbook costs, and their costs of living all add very rapidly. This might not only assist with paying bills, but it also allows students to save money  for the future use.
	While managing education and work can seem difficult, it also teaches students the important time management skills. Students who have a part-time job must plan their time and set goals for their commitments. Students' future job and personal life will leave benefit from learning great time management skills.
	Students could have potential for their skills if they have a part-time job. They can also obtain experience in their chosen company or develop skills that can be used in any profession. Additionally, students can gain soft skills like problem-solving, collaboration and communication.
	In a nutshell, college students should getting a part-time job for a variety of reasons. It not only provide financial for future use help but also gives knowledge of time management and offers opportunities for career development. In order to get useful work experience and support income while in college, students should think about having a part-time job. 
      I agree with the suggestion that college students can have a part-time job for benefits in their life. A student's time in college is an important time when they not only learn about their chosen fields of study but also learn important life abilities. Doing a part-time job can have many benefits which is, stable financial, personal growth and skill enhancement, and improved time management.
     First, the benefits of college student doing part-time job is one of the ability to get stable financial. Fees, books, and other living expenses are challenges for many students who are come from broken family. Students who work part-time can ease their financial burdens and take control of their finances. 
     Second, working a part-time work encourages the improvement of important life skills and personal growth. Students gain knowledge on how to deal with situations at work, build interpersonal and teamwork skills, and adapt to different environments. Furthermore, part-time job gives students the chance to experience different sectors, helping them to find their interests and make educated career decisions.
     Lastly, college students need to improve time management skills since they have to balance their studies with a part-time job. This skill will be important in their future careers as well as during their college years. Students learn how to arrange matters, and manage schedules by balancing classes, assignments, and job duties. It is possible to improve in educational as well as work environments by developing these time management skills through part-time job.
     In conclusion, having a part-time job has several benefits. The choice to work a part-time job while in college should be based on individual own needs and objectives. Part-time job can improve a student's entire college experience and better prepare them for the challenges in the future.
 
 The statement  is important for college students to have a part-time job , I totally agree with this kind of statement. In today's market, having a part-time work is more crucial than ever for college students. Working while in college has several advantages, including earning money, obtaining work experience, learning time management skills, developing relationships, and gaining a sense of independence.
Part time job has a lot of benefit. Firstly, The chance to earn money is one of the most obvious advantages of working while in college. Tuition, books, and other expenditures can quickly mount up, and working part-time can assist to offset these costs. This can help students graduate with less debt from their student loans. Secondly, A part-time job can also provide students with significant work experience that they can apply for after graduation. This experience can also assist pupils in improving their talents and learning new things. Employers frequently want individuals with work experience, and a part-time job can help students stand out from the crowd. Thirdly, Students who work part-time while attending school can learn how to manage their time properly. This is an important talent that they will be able to use throughout their life. Part-time college students must frequently learn how to balance their time between work, school, and social activities. This can be difficult, but it can also help students acquire the skills necessary for success in their careers.
In conclusion, I believe that the advantages of working while attending college outweigh the disadvantages. However, students must choose a part-time work that is manageable and does not interfere with their academics.  
 I strongly agree with that statement.my particular reason for why I am agree with that circumstance is college student need money to support their spending in university.To be more specific,obviously student need a lot of money to buy studies stuff,foods,paying fees and many more.Not just that, some student barely got money from their parents because some of it cant affort to cover their children's expenses.So they have work on their own to get the money to survive in university.Furthermore,it vital for college students because they can gain experience from working.To be more clear they get know about a new things,get a knowledge and also can learning about new skills.So, in the future students can use these experience at somewhere else.Then,gaining independece also one of the reason why it is important for college student.It is because the student will take all the responsible for their own schedule,money and duties.From this,the students will be less reliant on other people.Not just that,It is important because its help student to manage their money.It is because when we start making money,we tend to be more cautious about how we spend our hard earned money.In other words,we will be more appriciate on our hardship.Moreover, studients can also gain the confident when working on part time job.It is because mostly part time job for student are mainly customer facing industries.So they wil be force to interact with a lot of people and especially with customer.As a result, you are smoothly comfortable with talking to people.To sum up everything that has been stated,part-time job can give a lot of benefits to college students.Its not just make student gaining money but also a lot of things the can gain.
 I agree with the importance of college students having a part-time job. Students who come from low-income background must work hard to get the money to pay priority expenses. They will not burden their parents to pay the college fee, education fees, or daily expenses during study. The part-time job college student could do, is part-time food delivery. While doing food delivery, students could get tips from the customer who order the food that does not want the balance or maybe sympathy with a rider. College students also can be a part-time tuition teacher. From there, they also can improve their communication and teaching skills. College students from Business programme can also make money by doing small business. Selling the product has low cost for starting. For example, selling hot-dog with white bread. Student gains the profit even not many they expected. It's also can improve students' business skills and how to interact with customers.  Their parents will feel proud of them that they work hard to get the money they need even with a lot of assignments and exam around the corner. In conclusion, college students should have a part-time job for them reduce their burden with the current unstable economy. 
 
 In my opinion i would disagree with that statement and why i disagree with that statement because they have a lot of disadvantages when they work and study in 24 hours. The reason why i disagree with the statement given is student can't focus on their study. That's mean they can't complete the task given and it will affect your mark in final examination. That's why student need to get enough rest for their academic in college.     
The second reason is when they usually do a part time job and make their own side income it will make student feel they don't need to study hard to make money. The reason to study is just not only to earn money that have a lot of benefits when you have a knowledge other than you have money but lack of knowledge newspaper Berita Harian write   a lot of SPM candidates prefer not to study and just go for work . That's mean it also can happen to the college students. 
The last reason that supports my opinion is it will be a problem to their groupmate when have an assignment that involve a lot of people. For example, when student that do a part time job, he can be busy with their job after classes and doesn't have enough time to complete their part of the assignment. Cause of that it will affect mark of their group just because one person all their groupmates will have low marks.         
 In conclusion it will make a negative effect to themselves and the others and that's why in totally disagree with that statement. If they can't afford study it can borrowed to PTTN or apply scholarships that will support their financial while studying. 
 No, I disagree with the statement above. In my opinion, college students should fully have committed on their study. The first reason is because college students are responsible for themselves. The lecturers will teach the students about the syllabus and explained about the assignments and that is it. If the students did not understand the lectures or the assignments, they need to understand it using their own ability. The lecturers would not spoon feed them. There are some students that brave enough that will ask the lecturers more about the lecturers and assignments. There are also students that prefer to search and learn about the lectures and assignments by their own ability through internet or asking their friends. In simple words, students need to take care of themselves because the lecturers would not spoon feed them.  
The second reason is time management. College students normally have classes on the weekdays from 8am until 5pm. They work part-time job from 6pm until 10pm or more. It can clearly be seen that, there would not be time left for them to do their assignments, revisions or home works because of lacks of time. If they had time after their part-time job, they would rather sleep or rest because they are tired from their part-time job. They would not be able to finished their assignments due of lack of time and poor time managements.
In conclusion, I do not think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. They should fully focus on their study first because that is their main responsibility.  
 
Disagree, it is not important for a college student to have a part time job. First thing first, college students need to be aware of their obligations and responsibility as a student. They need to priority the important things like participating in the classes whether online or offline, completing all the assignment and exercise given by the lecturer, do the revision for the upcoming quiz or test. This is prior to the common problem among the student which is being a 'rider' in a group assignment. Rider is someone who joined as a member in the group but did not participate in the process of finishing the assignment. Not to mention, they mostly progress very slowly with the assignment and end up being a nuisance for other group members. As for my own experience, being in the same group with the part time job's students affected with a bad communication because it is very hard to reach them prior to their work life. Apparently, most of them are working in a business online with flexible hours but still cannot manage to participate in both classes and assignment submissions. For my own research among my peers, they eventually lost interest in continuing the study through to the hard time in handling both things at the same time and prioritizing works because of the financial problems. In a nutshell, If a student insists on taking a part time job, they eventually have a hard time in maintaining both classes and work that lead to have a problem in focusing on the lecture due to the lack of rest and ended with a bad relationship with the classmates. 
I am strongly agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Working a part-time job while you're in school has a lot of advantages. One advantage is that we can increase our pocket money. Being a student typically entails having little to no money, but when we work part-time, we are free from the pressure of worrying about being able to purchase the necessities or depending on our parents for financial support. Additionally, a part-time job can help us learn transferable abilities from real-world experience that a university or college degree would not be able to offer us. In fact, working in a fast-paced atmosphere, for instance, will teach us how to operate independently and as a team member while also helping us to build a number of important and useful abilities. Then, by doing a part-time job, we can boost our confidence. A part-time work can help you break out of your shell and boost your confidence if you are a timid and introverted person. By working part-time as a student, it can help us to gain independence. Whether we are university student, working part-time can help us to be independent. Indeed we will be responsible for our own schedule, money and duties. As a result, we will be less reliant on those around us, and we will learn how to fend ourselves. This can help us to build character, which will be beneficial to us while studying and our career in the future.
 Student and employee is the different category. If you are the student then you are the student. Student is somewhat the person that go to school or college to acquire knowledge and get a good grade. Every student must have their own targeted in studies. Some of them must want to proud their parents and some must want to get a better future. I strongly disagree with the statement that college student should get a part time job.
	As it been said, people who want to be successful have to focus only on one thing. Getting a job when you are studying will disturb yourself in many ways. Student will not able to focus on the study. Even as a part time employee, we will still get busy because a lot of commitment at the work. The time that they spend at the workplace will make them have no time in studying. From that, college student basically spends less time in studying and doing no revision in their subject. The lack of period in studying will give a bad impact in their academic achievement and grade. 
	Besides that, working as a part time when you are the student will distract mental health. Every place had a different problem. Everyone knows that even a student had their own stressful such as assignment, group members, due date, money and so on. This thing goes the same to the employee and the problem is even worse than a student. Having a part time job just give a headache when we already have other things to settle up. Stressful in life only lead student to quit their studying that is detrimental.
	In conclusion, part time is not important for student because they have to be themselves as a student not employee.  
    College is a place where students gain some knowledge for their future. Having a part time job while studying or focusing on academic can provide a good benefit also making it easier for a person that has financial issues while studying at university. I agree that college students to have a part time job. First, it will be a very good opportunity to have no financial problems and achieve freedom in spending money at a young age. Students also will be prevented from taking out loans from PTPTN and ease the burden on parents to pay the cost of their children's education. Second, skill development. Working part time can give students experience or the opportunity to get to know the outside world. This also can train students to manage time properly but not only for while studying in college but also for the future in careers life. Lastly, build networks or connections. Part time work will get students used to interacting with strangers. Building connections with many people can bring us many benefits in the future. So, the skill to interact with people is very important in our lives, especially for men who will be a father to his kids in the future. In conclusion, students that are not from rich family but want to have a freedom in spending money should find a way how to achieve that freedom. Like doing part time job or others. It will bring a good benefit, but it is also important for students to spend their money on things that give a benefit to themselves.
  Yes, I do agree that it's important for the college student to have a part-time job because some students have financial problems whether serious or not that serious. By doing so students can cover all of their educational needs such as fees, books, and many more. Sometimes they just don't want to totally rely on their parents since they think they have other siblings that need their parents' money as well. Having your own backup money can lead students to a lot of advantages. Next is time management, as we know that part-time jobs need a balance between work and study. For example, how to prioritize tasks, do the assignment before the deadlines, and achieve a healthy work balance. Part-time jobs lead students to have healthy time management by working during their studies. Besides, it can enhance students' resumes because having a lot of works experiences can make you stand out among your peers. From another perspective, it can enhance student's soft skills since working is related to people so it is really important to have it. From another perspective, it can help students improve their soft skills because working with people will build a network. For example, interact with customers, supervisors, or employers. This connection will lead to job opportunities because students have the skills to communicate and interact with people correctly. Lastly, personal growth, helps students to perform better in their lives, for example, boost their confidence, be more independent, handle responsibility, and make decisions on their own. They can manage their behavior and accomplish better in life if they have this kind of experience. In a nutshell, having a part-time job is quite crucial for individuals who are experiencing financial difficulties. Therefore, as students, we require financial stability for life.
 Part-time job is side work student do during their studying include full-time student or part-time student. I disagree that college students to have a part-time job because student will get tiredness, have burnout mental health and distract their study. Some students can cope with their consequences in their future especially to their study when do part-time job and otherwise some student cannot cope with that.
Firstly, part-time its not important for college student because the student will get tiredness. Student need to give full commitment to their study especially to finish their assignments and group project meanwhile student also need to spent their time to do part-time job. Student will did not get enough rest and time for themselves that student need to spent their free time to do part-time job. For example, in the morning until evening they need to attend their class and at night they need to do a part-time job in restaurant and after that they need to finish their assignments. Hence, they will not get enough sleep and feel tiredness for the next day.
Secondly, part-time its not important that can cause burnout mental health for students. Their mental health is not all ready for under stress pressure when do part-time job and studying. To illustrate, students get mental exhausted that they get stress in studying when have a lot assignment to do especially near the dateline to send and in job place they get scold by the owner when do a mistake.
Thirdly, part-time job will distract college student studying. They have to manage their time to attend class and do assignments and to do part-time job. For example, college student did not get enough time to finish their assignments and also do the revision more because when weekend they do a part-time job. 
 College is a critical stage of psychological and intellectual development in which students move into adulthood and prepare for their future jobs. While education is the major emphasis of college, having a part-time job in addition to academics can be beneficial to students. 
Firstly, part-time employment helps college students gain valuable life skills. Balancing employment and academic commitments improve time management skills and teaches students how to prioritise things effectively. These learned abilities are beneficial in many facets of life, enabling students to thrive not only academically but also in future professional endeavours.
Secondly, part-time work provides college students with financial freedom. Many students are burdened by tuition, living expenses, and other study-related obligations. Students can make a consistent income and lessen their dependency on loans or financial support from their parents by working part-time. This financial freedom not only reduce financial stress for students, but it also creates a sense of responsibility and self-sufficiency.
Lastly, part-time work provides essential practical experience and enhances professional opportunities. Students are exposed to real-life work contexts, which allows them to apply theoretical information learned in the classroom. This hands-on experience strengthens their resumes and promotes their employability after graduation.
To conclude, part-time employment is critical to the general growth of college students. They provide students with the opportunity to gain valuable life skills, attain financial independence, and advance their careers. Balancing employment and study might be difficult, but the long-term rewards exceed the short-term costs. As a result, it is critical for college students to regard part-time work as an essential component of their academic journey. 
 I disagree with that statement because college students should focus on their study. Study is important for college students to have bright future. If they need money, they can ask his/her parents. College students are still under their parent's responsibility. If they don't want to burden their parents, they can ask for PTPTN but after they finished their study, they should pay back the money. In my opinion if you have part time while you still studying, you will have a lot of things to do in one time. For the example, you must go work at the same time you have to finish your assignment at that time how can you do two things in one time? For me it impossible! Furthermore, your body will not get enough rest. For your information, students should get enough sleep from 5 to 8 hours per day. When you get enough sleep, your body can work well also your mind can think well too. Besides that, when you have a part time jobs you don't have time with your friend. You supposed to have a great time with your friend while study because after you finish your studies you must focus on work. Great time with your friend cannot be repeat, so don't miss it.
 
I disagree with this statement. This is because first if the students do a part-time job in their semester study they will not focus on their studies and it will make arises problems for their friends to do assignment jobs as well because the students that work will not make it to the group study to discuss the group projects and did not have any contributes to the group. This happens because to work as part-time workers have their own schedules that they need to follow. Also, if the students have class in the morning and they work in the evening till night they did not have enough rest to the body and it will make them feel burned out to start the day. Furthermore, they will always miss out on the assignments they need to do or any quizzes or tests they need to take and it will affect their carry marks and finals exams too if they did not score for the finals. If the students have any financial issues, they can issue the problems to their academic advisor and your academic advisor will give the advice for the best solutions you can take.  Sure, students can work part-time jobs but not on the semester's ongoing but on the semester break.
 I agree with the statement above that having a part-time job is important for college students. A part-time job is one that is done only half the time. This part-time job can be done when students have free time and need to divide their study and work time effectively. There are various benefits for students such as the they can earn extra pocket money, learn how to manage money, and develop interpersonal skills.
The first reason I agree with that statement is students can earn extra pocket money. Students require a lot of money while at university to pay fees, buy daily necessities, food, and transportation which can become costly. As a result, part-time work can assist students in managing all of their responsibilities without relying on their parents. As a result, students can have their own pocket money by working part-time.
Secondly, I want to emphasise that students can learn to manage their money. Students who have earned money by working will be extra cautious to not waste it. For example, they will create a budget before purchasing something. Thus, this part-time job will make them more aware of their financial situation.
Finally, students can improve their interpersonal skills. You will gain communication skills from working a part-time job with people from various backgrounds, which will force you to be aware of cultural differences at work. For example, students will attempt to communicate with their colleagues in order to strengthen their bonds at work. This shows, a part-time job can help you to develop interpersonal skills.
To sum up, having a part-time job provides students with numerous benefits such as earn extra pocket money, learn to manage money, and the develop interpersonal skills. Students should manage their time wisely in order to avoid having their studies and work interrupted. 
 	I strongly agree that it is important for the college student to have a part-time job. Part-time work is a temporary job that is usually done by students. part-time jobs are very helpful for students because they can earn while continuing their studies. Most of the part-time job required three to four hours of labor every day, which practically all students could do. There are many benefits of having a part-time job for students which is students can earn extra pocket money, learn to manage their time wisely and gain experience in their field of work.
	 First, having a part-time job helps students to earn extra pockets money. They will not need to depends on parents for pocket money and it can reduce the burden on their families. Additionally, they are able to afford little pleasures like going out with friends. 
	Secondly, students can learn to manage their time wisely by having a part-time job. While balancing work and study can be difficult, it also teaches students to be more effective and disciplined with their time. 
	Finally, Students who work part-time can improve their resumes by gaining experience in the workplace. When looking for a job after finishing your school, this is crucial. Additionally, students are able to apply what they learn in the classroom to actual circumstances. 
	In conclusion, the advantages of part-time employment for college students outweigh any potential disadvantages. Students who work part-time can earn extra money, develop time management skills, and gain experience in their field of work. The necessity of having a part-time job is something that educational institutions, parents, and students must all fully understand. 
 yes, I agree. Students frequently struggle with the decision of whether or not to work a part-time job while pursuing higher education. This is because a university student really needs a lot of money, which can be used to support daily life. that is no longer mixed with the college fees, tuition fees, and book fees demanded by the institution, it is very burdensome for some students who cannot afford it. however, it can be a distraction for students to focus on their academics and the activities at university but it can be easy when they know how to manage their time. honestly, a part-time job offers many benefits that can enhance the overall development of college students.
one of the benefits that can improve the overall development of a college student is that having a part-time job during college is an opportunity to be financially independent. when they have a monthly salary even if it is not fixed, they can pay all the necessary fees on time and without having to borrow money from others. Students who work for themselves are able to stand on their own two feet, reducing the pressure on their families and giving them the opportunity to develop important money management skills.
lastly, they can too have real-world experience. part-time jobs teach college students what the taste of the real world can be. it allows them to interact with people from various backgrounds, improve communication and interpersonal skills. students learn to adapt to different work environments, handle challenges, and collaborate effectively within a team. Such opportunities are priceless because they strengthen practical abilities that cannot be learned exclusively via academic study and supplement classroom instruction. 
           Nowadays, many students have jobs while attending college for various reasons. Balancing work and college can be challenging for students, but many students manage to deal with it. I absolutely agree that it is important for college students to have part-time job. I said so because having part-time job offers a lot of advantages for students including earning extra money, gaining work experience and increase soft skills. 

          First and foremost, working part-time in college provide the obvious benefit of earning extra money. Many students rely on part-time jobs to cover their college and daily expenses. When having a part-time job, it also allows student to buy extra stuffs, go out and have fun with their friends. 

          In addition, part-time job gives students work experience. I believe that when people graduates, some organizations expect us to have the basics of professionalism. For instance, office management student should know how to use the fax machine and handle phone calls. Employers will likely to hire a person who greatly experience doing work things related rather than a person who academically great alone. 

          Moreover, students who fulfil their leisure time with part-time jobs can enhance their soft skills. This is because we cannot learn it out of a book without practising or experience it. I believe that the soft skills like communication, professionalism, punctual in everything are something for a person to actually do it.

          To sum up, it is not impossible for students to experience new thing. Working while going to college literally has its own bright side which are earning extra money, gaining work experience and enhance soft skills.  
 It is true that the proportion of college students  who work part-time is significantly rising as a result of economic and social development. It has consequently become one of the most controversional topics among students. Some believe that having a part-time job can provide some difficulties for students. Others contend that students can profit from working a part-time job. Personally, I strongly disagree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job as it can cause tiredness, effect on their studies and students may have no time to socializing.
Firstly, it can cause tiredness among the students. It goes without saying that having a job immediately means you have less time to accomplish the other things. Students who work part-time are constantly commuting to and from the workplace. As a result, students become worn out and may even skip class to rest after a long day. Additionally, they could feel pressure from a challenging or time-consuming assignment. It may also be harmful to one's health.
Secondly, students who work on a part time job are tend to have distraction on their studies. They will have a hectic schedule while working a part-time job, leaving them with less time for study and for themselves. Students will not have time to rest, which will make them feel tired and worn out and affect their ability to study.
Last but not least,  working and learning at the same time takes away students' free time so, they will not have a sufficient time to relax. For example, college students could not find some time for social activities and fulfill their leisure time.
In conclusion, college students should not have a part time job because it can affect their lives in every aspects.  
 Mass media often displays the issue of students working while studying and gaining success from their own experiences. Work while studying is not an obstacle to success in learning. In fact, working while studying can have many positive effects on students. I support the statement that   it is important for college students to have a part-time job  . This is because, doing part-time work can have a good effect on students.
Working part-time while studying can help students to be independent in finding pocket money for daily use as well as studying. Being a student is not easy, a lot of money needs to be spent while studying especially when doing assignments, assignments projects and other assignments. Having a part-time job can help students cover their spending costs. Not many students come from happy families, this can also help students earn money to cover their own needs.
Recently, when students do part-time work such as at a restaurant, such as McDonald's, KFC, and so on, they will be able to learn to manage their time well. As we know, doing work while studying is not easy; therefore, doing work while studying can help students become more mature and disciplined in their time management. For example, students will make a daily schedule and study schedule; this will make them sensitive to personal matters, work matters, and study.
Therefore, working while studying can give students work experience. When students have experience on the job, this will make it easier for them to ask for work in the future. This is because many companies and employment sectors prefer skilled, educated, and experienced workers. The skills in the job can be used in the future and make it easier for students to not feel awkward doing a job.
 In conclusion, working part-time can have many positive effects on students.

 
I do not agree that part-time work is important for college students. Part-time work is a job done after class and is paid according to working hours.  Most of the part-time jobs offered to university students are restaurant jobs. In my opinion, college students don't have to have a part-time job because not all students can divide their time well. For example, there are college students who are unable to submit assignments at the specified time due to lack of time due to work. Based on my experience as well, during the diploma, some students work part-time, so when we want to discuss the assignment, the students cannot get involved because they are working.  As students, we should show a good attitude even more when in groups. Part-time work is very tiring for me because there is not enough time for rest.  Like me, I will do assignments at night from 9 to 12, if I work part-time, I don't have time to manage myself and manage learning.  Part-time work can also increase the level of stress for students because the work environment is different from the learning environment.  So it causes a student to have pressure.  In conclusion, part-time work for college students is not important because it can lead to a lack of time, less rest time, and an increased level of stress.
Studying and working both have pros and cons for students, especially in their college life. But all college students have the right to choose whether to work while studying or just focus on their studies. For my opinion, I disagree with the statement which is college student should have a part-time job. This is because at their age, the main thing they should do is keep focusing on studying to get a better job in future. In addition, although working helps students to have an income to support their college bills but it can affect their study performance. This is because they need to focus on two different things at the same time. For example, they may have disrupted sleep habits and high levels of stress. Plus, in college there are a lot of assignments that need to be submitted on time whether individually or in a group. They maybe do not have enough time to focus and finish the assignments on time. Next, the working environment is so different from studying because they need to involve and consider other people in their life. So, to conclude, as a student we should focus on our studies to get a better life in future and make our parents proud of us. 
From my opinion, I disagree with the statement that it is important for college students to have part-time job. The reasons why I disagree is, as a student we need to focus on our major decision. When someone is working while he or she study, they cannot give a full attention to their study. They cannot finish or do their best when done their assignments and task that give by their lecturer. They also have a lot of problems that have to be settle. In this case, academic performance can be affected with the limited time management to balance their study and part-time job. They have to find out the strategy for dealing with stress. Find a pastime that makes you feel calmer, such as exercising or keeping a diary. It has been established that exercise effectively reduces stress. To lessen the stress of learning to work and study, the students also need to take a good care of themselves. For example, the students that do a part-time job, did not have a good or enough sleep. This will effect their concentration level in class. Even every student is different the level of wisdom, but we need to protect it before the academic performance become at the lowest. Nothing can we expect except all the things going smoothly when you are a student.
 College students must balance academic responsibilities with real-world experiences. While obtaining an education and working part-time provide various benefits that enhance personal growth, professional development, and financial freedom. This essay discusses why it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
One of the main reasons why college students should work part-time is to gain financial independence. Tuition, housing, textbooks, and other living expenses can be taxing for students and their families. Part-time employment allows students to contribute to their own financial requirements, easing the load on their families and promoting self-sufficiency. Next, part-time jobs offer excellent opportunities to apply and enhance the skills taught in the classroom. By engaging in job experiences linked to their field of study, students can gain practical knowledge and better grasp the real-world implications of their academic pursuits. 
Furthermore, improved time management. Part-time employment teaches college students how to prioritize tasks, make calendars, and meet deadlines. These abilities not only aid their current jobs but also lay the groundwork for their future professional careers. Lastly, it can improve personal growth. Balancing academics and employment obligations promotes human progress. Part-time jobs sometimes demand students to communicate effectively, solve problems, work in teams, and adjust to new surroundings. Such experiences help to build vital life skills such as communication, critical thinking, and interpersonal skills, which are highly valued in the job market.
In conclusion, having a part-time job while in college has numerous benefits for students. Beyond the immediate earnings, the rewards range from financial freedom to professional advancement. Thus, it is seen that having part-time work is not only vital but also highly helpful for college students.  
 
           Nowadays, many college students take part-time jobs. Some may not agree with the idea because it can distract them from studying. However, part-time job also gives benefits to them. I strongly believe that part-time jobs is important for students because they teach them about responsibility and prepare them for their future careers.
          First of all, I agree that college students should get a part-time because it can help them develop money management skills. This is because they will prioritize needs over wants when shopping. Working early can help student not only start long-term savings, but also develop financial maturity and prudence at a young age. So, students will have stronger budgeting and money management skills as they mature, especially in a fast-growing economy.
          Next, part-time job gives college student additional benefits of enhancing their resumes, which will be valuable in the future. For each college student, work experience is quite crucial. Even though they claim it is unimportant, businesses nonetheless prefer to deal with applicants who have some job experience. People with some understanding of workplace ethics and culture are preferred by employers. Real-world work experience not only provides students an advantage over freshmen but also demonstrates their dedication and perseverance, giving them something more to display than just their GPA.
          Finally, a student's communication abilities are enhanced through part-time job. This is because they will have the chance to develop the communication skills necessary for effective communication. For an employee, being able to speak properly with coworkers is crucial. Students who work part-time job can also practise their communication skills as they frequently deal with coworkers and clients.
          In conclusion, part-time job is very important for college students because it gives financial management skills, boost their resumes and improves student's communication skills that can prepare them for future careers. 
I disagree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. In my opinion, students should focus more on their studies than having a part-time job. It is because doing two things at the same time could be a burden to them, which in turn could affect their academic performance. Furthermore, students' health can be affected mentally and physically. With too much on their plate, students would be too stressed, which would make their health conditions worse. Other than that, students would spend less time with themselves and their loved ones. As part-time jobs and studies take up most of their time in a day, students rarely have time to rest or spend time with their families. Because of that, students will be exhausted, and their family bonds will be strained. Furthermore, students are not able to arrange their time well. As time is precious, students would rush to attend a class in between their part-time jobs. Due to this, students possibly did not attend class and did not do any tasks given by the lecturer. In a nutshell, I believe that studying while working a part-time job has various disadvantages that could affect the student.
 

I agree with the statement saying that   It is important for college students to have a part-time job.    Mostly student things are more expensive than what parents expected. Even loaned didn't provide enough money for student. Sometimes, student had to skip their meals to save money to buy others necessary. That is why some of them decide to do a part-time job to get side income a didn't give a burden to their parents. Students can do many jobs such as be a food agent, sell product, Tiktok affiliate and do printing service to earning extra income to finance their day-to-day needs. Many students rely on their part-time job finance to pay their education fees. Besides, student can develop their leadership skills, self-confidence especially when they experience their work during the semester break. It also helps students to build a good relationship with others and reduce students a lack of good communication between others. In other words, it helps student to feel courage when they are talking in front of their class. Perhaps, students are able to have time management skills because they acquire to balance their education and work and shouldn't abandoned their academics. To conclude, I am highly recommended for students to consider to do a part-time job because it worth it.
 
 College life is a moment of transformation that offers students a plethora of chances for personal development. While academics surely come first, working a part-time job while you are a student can be a beneficial experience. In this essay, we'll examine the importance of part-time employment for college students, emphasising the possible advantages it may have for them on the grounds of their studies, finances, and personal lives.

Students can apply the theoretical knowledge they have learned in the classroom to actual situations by working part-time. Their conceptual comprehension is improved, and their ability to think critically and solve problems is fostered by this practical exposure. Many college students struggle with money, so getting a part-time job gives them a way to make money and feel more independent. It makes it less necessary to take out large student loans or rely on family support by lessening the burden of tuition fees, textbook costs, and daily expenses. Students who take part-time employment have many opportunity to improve key soft skills including leadership, adaptability, teamwork, and communication. Employers place a high value on these abilities, which also support long-term career success.

Some might say that having a part-time job can lower a student's GPA by putting them under too much stress and workload. Striking a balance between work and study is important, so make sure your working hours are achievable and acceptable. For college students, working a part-time job can be a life-changing experience. They receive significant intellectual, financial, and personal advantages from it that support their total growth. College students can build a strong foundation for a prosperous future by successfully managing their time, obtaining real-world experience, and honing crucial skills.                                               
Yes, I agree with the statement that it is important for college student to have a part-time job because it can give more benefits to us. I know that there is another perspective of student about this but for me it is very important because they can earn extra money. Sometimes being a student need more money to buy basic essential and some of their parent can't afford to give them pocket money but when do a part-time job they do not worry anymore about that because they can use the money to buy anything that they need and use it for college and study fees. Usually, students feel embarrassed to ask some money and don't want to be a burden for their parent. This way can help student to earn more money so that they can survive their daily life in college. Another benefit is student can get more and new experience while working, they can explore and learn how to do something and be more discipline. This will add in their knowledge how to be a confident person and how discipline in manage their time. Student also can work in a team which is do the task together and can give a cooperation for each other. They can easily apply job when they finished their study because as we know there is a lot industry out there want a job experience while want to apply those jobs. Last but not least studying while working is not a bad thing that they need to do because it can give more advantages for them but you need to make a right decision same as your thought.
 The debates regarding whether students  should have part-time jobs nowadays have been going on for quite a long time. Personally, having a part-time job while studying is quite a hustle.I disagree with the statement that it is important for students to have a part-time job because students are unable to focus on study, lack of time and affect health negatively. 

Firstly, students aren't able to focus on studying. The main purpose of becoming a student is that they should be putting hundred percent effort into their studies. However, if students have a part-time job, they are unable to give full attention and commitment in their study. For instance, students would be distracted thinking of their part-time job in lecture.

Secondly, students would have a lack of time in studying.  This is said because students would spend their remaining time with jobs and this would probably take about 6 hours. After they are done with their job, they would need a rest and just ignore their studies. This would contribute to lack of revision. 

Lastly, a part-time job would affect health negatively.  A part-time job requires lots of energy from the worker. If the worker also is a student, they are unable to take a good rest throughout the day. Thus, lack of rest would just contribute to severe health issues such as heart attacks, insomnia and anxiety. 



In conclusion, a part-time job is unnecessary for students. However,  if students are out of money, they could still apply for sponsorship or have good time management if they insist on working. The main purpose of students is focusing on their study.  
I agree it is important for college students to have a part-time job. The students can not rely on their parents 100% as their families do have other things to take care of too. As we know, not all the students come from wealthy families, some of them came from small and poor families so the students need to have their income to ensure survival at the universities or colleges. I agree with the statement because there are a lot of things that students need to pay for and use money. For example, their daily meals can cost them up to RM20 for one day. If the students came from a far state and rarely went home, their cost of food can reach out to RM600 per month. That is a lot. They also need to pay for the rent if they rented a house because not all the students got the hostel. House rental prices can also reach up to RM300 monthly. Besides, the cost of their assignments and projects also needs to be borne by themselves. Besides, they need to buy materials to study such as books and dictionaries. Those materials are expensive. Not only that, they also need to pay for transportation if they lived outside the campus. For instance, the students mostly use the service of Grab and Uber to go to the class if they did not bring their vehicles. The tickets for students to go back home are also expensive nowadays. That is all the reason why students should have a part–time job. Generally, it is to provide the students themselves more oriented life and comfortable life at the universities or even at the colleges and to avoid the students from being stressed out when it comes to money.
The importance of a student's life is studying hard and achieving the experiences during their life in university. Yet, some students opt to be a part-timer to earn side income while they are at university. They claim that they need some extra money for their daily expenses and fees as a student to buy food, groceries and snacks. I strongly disagree that it is essential for college students to have a part-time job because it causes them sleep deprivation and lack of participation in class. First and foremost, making time for being a part-timer is physically tiring as students are already mentally drained by all the classes and assignments. Working for hours after hours of classes will only causes you fatigueness. As the result, students will deal with sleep deprivation as they need to stay up to complete their pending assignments. They should be financially stable as most of the students get to apply for scholarship and they should not be worrying too much on earning the extra money. Secondly, some students who have been doing a part-timer will be totally lost and left behind as they are lack of participation in lecture classes. Not attending the classes for more than three times will cause them to be barred in examination. As the result, they will not be able to graduate if they failed the course. As the conclusion, being a university student is meant to be enjoyable and stress-free. They should not be worrying about financial status as university has the organization of helping the unfortunate students. Being a part-timer is not the only solution to be financially stable.
 In this modern world, everyone needs money, especially youth. As we know, they need to earn more money to buy the things that they like, but their parents or family members are unable to provide them with the desired things. So, from my point of view, I strongly agree that university students should do part time jobs when they are studying. 
Firstly, doing a part time job helps them become more independent. This is because the time for studying at the university is flexible. Students can manage their time well while working a part time job. In addition, doing part time jobs allows them to gain more experience that will help them in the future. Besides that, they can manage their money well. The money that they earn can be their income or their living expenses. They do not need to rely on their parents. By doing so, they can lighten their parents' burden. They can also enjoy happiness when they spend their own money without asking for money from their parents. Moreover, they can also make new friends by doing part time jobs. Knowing more friends is good for their future. When they need help, maybe friends can give them suggestions or opinions. This way can foster their growth and become more mature. 
In conclusion, the benefits of university students doing part time jobs are many for both themselves and their families. They can train for their own financial independence and responsibility, gain valuable work experience, and develop important time management skills.  
 I agree that having a part-time job while in college is essential. While academics are unquestionably the primary focus of college, working part-time provides various advantages that add to a well-rounded educational experience.

First and foremost, having a part-time job promotes financial freedom to college students. Many students suffer financial difficulties, such as tuition, textbooks, and living expenses. Students can earn their own income by working part-time, easing the pressure on their family, and minimising the need for exorbitant student loans. Students get a sense of responsibility and work ethic because of their financial independence, preparing them for the realities of the working world.

Additionally, part-time jobs help students develop essential skills that cannot be learned solely in the classroom. Skills such as time management, communication, teamwork, and problem-solving are cultivated through real-world work experiences. These skills are highly valued by employers and enhance students' employability prospects upon graduation. Moreover, part-time employment allows students to explore different industries and gain a better understanding of their interests and career aspirations.

Furthermore, part-time jobs may provide opportunity for networking. Interacting with coworkers, managers, and customers introduces students to a wide range of people who can become significant links in their future professional lives. Networking is essential for professional development because it leads to internships, mentorships, and job opportunities.

While it is crucial for students to maintain a balance between work and school, the benefits of working part-time exceed the risks. Students with good time management and prioritisation abilities can effectively manage their duties without jeopardising their academic performance.

In conclusion, having a part-time work while in college is useful for a variety of reasons. It encourages financial independence, the development of necessary skills, networking opportunities, and the preparation of students for future employment. Students get valuable experiences and insights by balancing academics and work, which contribute to their personal and professional progress. 
 
	I believe it is not essential for college students to have a part-time job as it is time-consuming, causes a great deal of stress, and may affect one's academic performance.

	Firstly, working part-time as a student will cost the free time that could be spent studying, revising, or attending events at college. This is because he/she will need to go to work after classes. After hours of working, it will surely take up a huge amount of energy, hence, leaving he/she tired to ever join any events or study. Therefore, working part-time as a college student is unnecessary as it is time-consuming.

	Secondly, taking a part-time job can add up unnecessary stress for the student. As we all know, being a student is already stressful. For example, there are a lot of cases where students commit suicide because they could not cope with the academic stress. Hence, working part-time will only add to their burden and it can be detrimental to their mental health.

Finally, having a part-time work may have an impact on a student's academic achievement. Because the student is working, he or she may have to forego sleep to learn. That is, assuming he or she still has enough energy to study. As we all know, working is exhausting and consumes a significant amount of energy. As a result, it is highly unlikely that the student will be motivated to study afterward, jeopardizing his or her academic performance.

In conclusion, I do not agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I believe they should focus on their studies rather than working.  
Based on the following statement, I agree that it is important for college students to get a part time job. Many people would say that it may makes the students lose their focus in class if they are doing a side job. However, there are lot of advantages for college students who get a part time job while still studying. 

First advantage of doing a part time job is that the students can earn their own money. Not all students were born with a golden spoon in their hand so to balance their money for college fees and food are very difficult. Hence, by having a part time job, they can get more money to help them in college. 

Next, by having a part time job, the college students can learn on how to be independent. Working somehow can teach someone to be independent as they need to work alone or doing something by themselves. Thus, it helps the students to be depending on themselves more which help them to improve themselves to survive the world. 

Besides, having a part time job can help the college students to increase their skill especially in socializing with others. They will meet a lot of people with different personality which help them to understand on how to socialize with different person based on their personality. 

Nevertheless, getting a part time job really helps them a lot in terms of money, being independent as well as increasing their skill.  It might be tiring but the experience that they can learn are much more than they could get in college. 
 

        It is undeniably true that students have their own struggles even though most students still get supported financially or academically by the government. However, college students wouldn't survive in their workplace if they were only to focus on their studies. I strongly agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job as they can increase their own financial support, soft skills and meet new people in a different environment.                                                                                                                                                                                                 
        Firstly, college students need to have a part-time job because they can cover their own financial support. This is because they also need more money than the loans provided. For example, they can use their salary to buy daily necessities while use their loan to pay studies fees. To conclude, having a part-time job is important for students as it would help their financial support.
        Secondly, it is important because it can improve students' soft skills. This is because they get to learn the skills that don't get to learn in classrooms. For example, students get to grasp communication skills with customers which are important for their future clients. To summarize, students' soft skills can be improved by getting part-time jobs.
      Thirdly, students can meet new people in different environments which can expand their maturity. This is because meeting different people give different experiences. For instance, students get to work with older people, so they need to be more polite to deal with the elderly. To conclude, students get to gain new experience from having a part-time job.
      All in all, it is important for students to have a part-time job as they can increase their own financial support, soft skills and meet new people in a different environment.

 
      Nowadays college students seem to be the busiest person. College students normally will have a lot of things to manage that includes studies, family, financial issues and social activities. Some of them even prefer to work for a part-time job. A part-time job is a form of work that enables a person to work for a limited time. It is important for college students to have part-time jobs. I agree with this statement as I believe working as a part-timer helps students financially, gain experience and improve their social skills.
     First of all, part-time jobs help college students financially. By working as part-timers college students do not have to depend on their parents for expenses and they cannot manage it on their own. For instance, college students can pay their tuition fees, books and accommodation. At last, college students will learn the value of money at a young age.
     Furthermore, working as a part-timer help college students to gain work experience. They can learn the important skills needed in a workplace such as responsibility, teamwork, time management and communication skills. They can learn the way to fit into a community and work together. These skills are important to create a better environment at working place. 
     Moreover, having a part-time job helps college students to improve their social skills. Some of the students are shy and introverted. By working they can interact with one another and improve their social skills. This skill is important to mix with a diverse group of people and also in a professional setting.
     In conclusion, as a college student, working as a part-timer has its benefits such as being financially stable, gaining work experience and improving social skills. 
 
"  How do college students gain their income? In my opinion, most of them get money from their parents. This might pressure their parents because of the daily expenses and their school fees. Therefore, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job.
  First, working part time helps students to earn extra income. It allows students to be more independent financially and in their daily life. This can enlighten the burden of their family and allow students to buy things that they like. Students who work part time will have a better time management and can manage their own stuffs.
  Besides that, students can also gain work experience. They can learn how to socialize with people in a proper manner. They will be more polite and learn how to communicate with people from different backgrounds. Students are able to learn extra skills from the working environment.
  Other than that, college students can enrich their resume for future use. They have a higher chance to gain a job because they already have working experience which can enlighten the burden of a company. Basic skills do not need to be taught to those who have work experience.
  As a conclusion, having a part time job as a college student is a bit hard because they need to complete the assignments given but the benefits are clearly seen. 
"
 First of all, as a student we need to have part-time job to earn some money. As we know, the money from PTPTN is not enough for students to use it for the whole semester. This is so crucial especially if we are studying at USM located at Penang Island. The cost living must be a little bit high compared to the other university. So, as I mentioned earlier, the money from part time job for students can be use for rent home, buy books, uniform, official t-shirt and food. Thus, if the students have more money, they could buy anything they want. They will not burden their parents to give some money instead they could earn the money. 

Other than that, the part time job is also benefits for students to use free time to work. As we know, the schedule for the university is not the same as at high school. So, the students will have more free time. If the students work as part time job, they will not spend their time with the social problems such as cyberbully and so on. They will more appreciate their time to use for the right things. They will also be more energetic to work harder in their life. 

Last but not least, part time job also will help students to divide their time sufficiently. There were a time where students need to be more aware to go to class or to work. So, during this time, students will also have a schedule for himself. The students also will learn lots of new skills in work life which is communication. Communication skills help students to do work better in the future. 
"Juggling between academic and work life at a young age could be troublesome. However, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. This short essay will elaborate on two importance of part-time jobs to students which are gaining more pocket money and building up self growth. 

The prime reason why college students need to have a part-time job is definitely because they can get more pocket money to spend. Teenagers nowadays might have their own wish list to pamper themselves in coping with academic stress, such as cafe hopping for Instagrammable photos, purchasing new garments or even paying for Netflix subscription. However, to tick off the wishlist, they first need to consider between what they need and what they want. For example, they need to utilize the money given by parents or their allowance to cater for their academic purposes. So, when they have a part-time job, they can spare some money from the wage to get things they want, without jeopardizing their expenses for academic purposes. 

Next, it is important for students to have a part-time job to build up their self-growth in society. In students' world, it is undeniably important to focus on their academics. However, they must also  polish their soft skills in themselves, as well as being optimist to gain new life experience that will surely help them in working life later on. By having a part-time job, it will widen their experience with the community, especially when dealing with people from different backgrounds upon working. For example, when they work as a waiter at a cafe, they will learn how to discipline themselves to follow their work schedule punctually and they can even sharpen their communication skills and problem solving skills upon attending the customers."
"It can be seen that nowadays, many students are working part-time to sustain their college lives which is actually important. Hence, this essay will elaborate the reasons why a part-time job is vital for college students.

Primarily, money becomes vital for everyone and college students are not excluded especially when some of them are not supported by scholarship or allowance. As known by many, students have their own commitment too and not everything is provided by their college. Sometimes, they need to spend some money for their necessities like books and stationery and imagine how stressful it would be for them to suffocate financially while having to focus on their academic. Hence, working part-time will somehow ease their financial problems as they can use their salary for the necessities. 

Additionally, being a worker and a student at the same is not easy at all as it requires a person to have time management skill. As a student that in the future will be employed somewhere, they are able to learn and adapt with busy and hectic schedule. For instance, a college student that has classes early in the morning may negotiate with their employer to schedule their working hours on night shift. The commitment does not stop there as he has to still make time for doing his assignment or revision. This illustrates that time management skill is being practised when a college student have a part-time job and this skill is guaranteed to benefit him hugely.

To conclude, a part-time job benefit college students for countless reasons. Furthermore, they should balance their life as a student and a worker to maximise the benefits."
This essay will be regarding my personal opinion on the topic is it important for college students to have a part-time job. This is something that, in my opinion, relies on the specific circumstances of each kid. The majority of people that choose for this strategy are from the middle income bracket. This is due to the high cost of both schooling and an increasing cost of living. Most people who decide to continue their education do so in order to advance their careers and open up more opportunities for high-paying employment. There is increased rivalry in the workplace as more and more firms look for candidates with qualifications and skills that match what they are seeking. As a result, more and more people are seeking employment while they are students. For students from wealthy homes, it doesn't matter, though. Even certain factors might make it challenging for pupils to work while they are in school. The main difficulty faced by students who work while they are in school is time management. You need to create time for studying, but you also need to make sure you're earning enough money to cover your living expenses. This may entail obtaining additional work at their place of employment or other side jobs for some students. The most crucial thing is to maintain organization and prioritize your education. Time management is crucial for striking a balance between employment and education so that neither suffers and you don't become burned out.
"           College students often face various challenges, especially when it comes to financial problems due to their commitment to fulfil such as food, assignment (projects), transportation, etc. Hence, this essay entails the importance of students doing part-time jobs.
           Firstly, having a part-time job enable students to gain experience in a real-life situation. This is because they need to face various people's behaviour rather than focus on studying only. This kind of experience can teach them to become more confident and also improve their social skills. For instance, students who become cashiers at convenience stores gain a new experience to deal with customers politely and wisely. Thus, part-time jobs lead students to enrich their experience in such situations.
          Furthermore, students can utilise their income to good use once they have part-time jobs. Their source of income may help them to pay for their college fee, buy gadgets to help them do assignments and so on. If they just depend on their parents' money, they cannot learn to become independent and know the struggle to obtain it. To illustrate, students who do part-time jobs tend to use the money to buy their necessities and are more diligent to work as they know how difficult to gain it. So, a part-time job is really important to let the students use their income wisely.
         In conclusion, students may gain a plethora of benefits by having part-time jobs. This is because they can gain experience and also make them benefit their income in good ways. Therefore, the writer thinks that it is essential for students to have part-time jobs to become more independent and confident."
"I agree. Balancing studying and working are a great feat for students as they could reach unfathomable things for themselves and the people around them. Therefore, I will elaborate the main reasons part-time jobs are deemed as crucial for college students.
First of all, the experience gained from working will be a valuable asset once students graduated from their schools. It is known that job hunting will pose as a difficult challenge for a fresh graduate since companies tend to accept candidates with work experience. For instance, those that worked part-time as cashiers or promoters may have higher chances in being accepted in a job centred on marketing. This is because they will have the right skills to approach the customers and understand their needs. In short, college students must consider working part-time job since the experience could tremendously help them to navigate their working life. 
 After that, it is no doubt that having part-time job help students to be financially stable. As we know, most countries don't have free education, making students require a great amount of money just to pursue tertiary education. This leads to some students, particularly those from lower income families need to unwillingly drop out of the college since they do no have enough money to pay for colleges' fee. Hence, rather than relying on parents or guardians for money to continue their educations, it is advised for students to keep a part-time job in order to support themselves and successfully finish graduating without a hitch. 
 In conclusion, college students must have part-time job to get working experience while receiving income that will support them through their studies. I am sure that with part-time jobs, students can grow to be an irreplaceable member of the workforce in our nation. 
"
