As for today, not everyone able to afford to study in a college due to a very large amount of fees required. The fees are incredibly high and those parents with low income have to struggle to pay it. Some parents can't work due to some illness or perhaps the students could be an orphan. Students from this type of background also need to study. No one can deny their right to study in the filed that they are interested in. everyone wants to study, but the cost of living in a college and the fees itself is a nightmare for these students. In this case, having a part time job is crucial for them as they might not want to burden their family. However, when these students work, they can't give full concentration on their study. This part time job is crucial for them to support their living in the colleges. Not only for living, they need money for their study as well as for stationeries, reference books and even for photocopying and binding. This definitely will create a hole in their pockets. In order to accommodate their study, part time job is important for them. Perhaps NGO and other political parties can find an alternative for this problem so that these future graduates can pursue their study with stress free mind. Scholarships are given, yet its not for all the students. We can still see young generations working in fast food restaurants and other premises as they are not able to afford the fees of the colleges.
Many people have different perspectives on college students working a part-time job. In my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part-time job. This is because nowadays the cost of living is high. For instance, a college student's meal can go up to RM20 per day especially in urban areas like Kuala Lumpur and Johor Bahru. Meanwhile, students' living expenses can be slightly lower in rural areas. There are several advantages of working a part-time job. For instance, working a part-time job can help college students to develop and improve their soft skills such as communication skills, leadership skills, time management skills and other soft skills. Not only that, but they can add a working experience to their resume once they have finished their studies. They also can manage their own finance accordingly. Since they know how hard it is to obtain money, they will learn to manage their finance well. Additionally, students also tend to work part-time job during their final semester because they do not have to take many subjects as previous semesters. Thus, students have much free time during their final semester. All in all, college students need to learn how to manage their study and part-time job to make sure that they do not neglect their academic performance.
 The importance of having a part-time job as a college student depends on multiple variables. I, in fact, do agree with this idea and have had multiple part-time jobs throughout my university studies so far. In this essay, I will discuss why I agree with this idea, along with the multiple variables that could differ from student to student.
Firstly, one of the most important variables is time. If the student is tight on time or has a strict schedule, then I would not agree that having a part-time job is the best idea for them. Secondly, the location of the part-time job. Surely, a part-time job on-campus is not at all similar to a one that is located in a remote area. It is imperative that the student either manages their transport wisely, or just not take that job, since not having personal transport may end up costing the student more than he is gaining.
With that aside, I do, however, agree that having a part-time job is a great idea for a college student, especially if it is within their same field of study and they have the capacity to take it along with their studies. Additionally, having a part-time job would be a remarkable experience under their belt, as it exposes them more to the outer world instead of being stuck inside their own one with all the studies and assignments. Moreover, it is a great chance to get in contact with the locals and widen one's network and acquaintances.
In conclusion, having a part-time job as a college student is a great idea, given the availability and readiness of the student. 
 
Part-time jobs are jobs that are paid periodically based on the agreed working hours. There are various types of part-time job around us, from being a promoter in a retail store to a part time tuition teacher and so forth. The list of part time job is endless.  In my view, part time job could be a rewarding experience for college students who have loose class schedules. This is a pertinent consideration for college students to bear in mind because studies should be prioritized above any added responsibilities. 

There are several perks of having a part-time job as a college student. First, it gives you the satisfaction of having the ability to earn and generate income. On top of that, you will be able to spend and pay for items or services you need or want. Second, having a part time job allows you to gain working experiences and job-related skills whether it is administration, communication or even technical skill depending on the nature of the work. Many of these skills are transferable and practical skills you need in life. Third, it also enables you to build network by socializing and exposing yourself to people with similar or different walk of life. They are people who could be helpful to give you advice in your future endeavor. These are some of the benefits of having a part-time job. Therefore, it is definitely worthwhile to gain work experiences, earn and socialize if the nature of your studies allow you to do that. 
Yes, I agree. It is vital for a college student to have a part-time job because being a student has never been cheap. The majority of the students spend RM20 minimum per day. That is if we only count for food and exclude other expenses such as transportation, books and supplies, clothing, laundry, and entertainment. Hence, having a part-time job can help students to survive especially in this economy. Secondly, a part-time job helps students gain new experiences. This will be a huge help once they have graduated as it shows the work environment and the skills they are going to learn and hone while doing the part-time job. For example, Maya can get a job right away at a coffee shop because of her latte art as she has done a ton of practices during her time as a part-time barista. On top of that, it will strengthen a resume, leave a good impression, and guarantee a bright future because of the experiences, abilities, and talents written. Thus, a part-time job benefitted the students not only during their studies but also after they graduated. Lastly, it also helps students to manage time wisely. As we all know, it is challenging to complete lots of tasks with a packed schedule. However, when done right, everything is possible. Time management teaches you how to get more done in less time. Most importantly, it helps us to stop procrastinating instantly. In conclusion, college students should find a part-time job to lessen the burden they put on their parents in order to become independent.
I agree that students need to do things on their own, like getting a part-time job while they learn. But I don't agree that it's important for students to have this kind of part-time job. because there is a choice. Students can get college loans from the government instead of doing this part-time work, so they don't have to work as hard to make money. Some students feel like they are a burden on their parents, while other students have to work part-time because their parents can't pay for all of their costs. Their families are having trouble making ends meet, so the students have to work part-time while they learn. On the other hand, it's good because that way can teach students to be more thrifty, independent, and disciplined so they're ready for the world of work when they grow up. For example, I'm a student who took out a government-funded education loan and will only work part-time when the semester break comes. I can't focus on two things at once. So, I have more money to spend and don't bother my parents with money issues. Finally, if they want a better life, pupils should always provide their best effort.
I agree. It is important for college students to have a part-time job so that they can earn extra income for their needs. For example, when they need to but something or go to somewhere for the assignment purpose, they can use the money without using their saving money. With that, they will have a stabil income in the future. Student do not have to ask their parents for money anymore and also not give a trouble to their parents to give them money every month if they already have it when doing the part-time job. Other than that, when they do a part-time job, it can helps students in gain experience and develop great skills in working. The skills that student can get is communication, interpersonal skills, teamwork and more. When students doing their job, they learn how to interact with colleagues. For example, when they work as an intern or other profession and take part in any project, it can help them in jobs in the future. Student will know how to work with other people to complete the task or an assignment. In addition, working while studying can helps student to come out from their comfort zone as it will help them in handle many responsibilities, challenges in working and know how to overcome the problem. For example, if student is an introvert person, it will give them a chance to interact with many people. The student can make a new friends and can be more comfortable when they are around other people. It help student in build self-confidence. That is the reason why I agree with the statement  It is important for college students have a part-time job. 
 According to the following statement, I concur that it is significant for college students to find a part-time job as there are tons of benefits for students who work a part-time job in addition to their studies. 

Firstly, the most important benefit is that students with a part-time job will be able to support themselves financially. Earning money from a part-time job can help students to pay for their expenses such as college fees, transportation, rent, and daily meal while in college. Students, especially those from poor families should find an alternative to decrease their parents' burden in terms of finances, therefore, finding a part-time job is the best way to find extra pocket money.

Secondly, having a part-time job helps students to gain work experience. Working with others will allow students to communicate effectively, work collaboratively, and develop a strong work ethic in the workplace. It is indeed undeniable that having work experience offers students to be more competitive in the job market after they graduate. 

Thirdly, by having a part-time job, students will be able to learn time management skills by balancing their work schedule with their college schedule, prioritising their tasks, and meeting deadlines as these skills can be valuable throughout their life and in the future.

To sum up, it is clear that students will be able to gain advantages when working a part-time job. These benefits are valuable to themselves both in the present and future. Although it might be tiresome when students need to work while they are still studying, however, they still need to sweat blood to support themselves.    
 I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have part-time jobs. Doing part-time jobs is common among students while they pursue their college and university studies. Students gain benefits from part-time jobs as it helps them to financially independent, expand their network, and gain work experience.

We are all aware that some of the students are not born with silver spoons in their mouths, so pursuing studies could be a big burden to their families' breadwinners. Hence, most of them decided to do part-time jobs to ease their families' burden as well as earning extra pocket money to pay for university fees and other study expenses.  This being said, the students won't have to ask their parents for monthly allowance as frequently as they used to.

Besides, while doing part-time jobs they will encounter different paths of people. This will help them to expand their network. Meeting people with different kinds of professional backgrounds will give them the opportunity to know and decide the best careers in the future. The most important thing is that they will build connections with those professional people to help them in their future careers.

Last but not least, doing part-time jobs will help them to gain work experience. This will give them opportunities to learn and gain different skills such as problem-solving, time management and also customer service. These skills are valuable in any work of field and they can write these on their resumes for job seeking. Skills are important these days as employers value skills more than academic achievements.

In conclusion, I believe that it's important for students to have part-time job to improve their financial, networking and gain work experience. Hence, it is encourageable for students to do part-time jobs in their studies.

 
 I agree that it is crucial for college students to have part-time jobs. Nowadays, financial matters are really common among youths, especially students. Engaging in a part-time job will provide college students with various advantages. 

First and foremost, by engaging in a part-time job, students would have the opportunity to experience a real-world situation. They will be exposed to the reality of our working environment rather than just fantasizing about it. Thereby, they would learn the skills needed in the field they chose and would also enhance their ability to work in a professional manner. All these experiences can be a great help for them in their future careers.

Next, a part-time job would allow students to improve their finances. The money they got from their part-time job could help them with many things in their lives as a student. For example, they could use it to pay for their college fees or spend on their daily needs and if there are any extras left, they could turn it into savings.

Finally, students who participate in part-time jobs can bolster their resumes for future utilization. The part-time jobs they are currently doing will add more value to their resume because it will show their practical experience, skills and other matter concerned for a resume. This is the thing that will differentiate them from other candidates during any job interview afterward.

In conclusion, I strongly believe that having a part-time job is really important for any student regardless of their background. Thus, it is advisable to encourage students to engage in a part-time job as it offers a lot of benefits including real-world experience, finance improvement and a great resume. 
      For long, it has been common, even customary for college students to work part-time. This is perhaps enforced by societal expectations, or in some other cases, a need to sustain one's finances. Either way, work experience is highly valuable on a resume. Such early ventures into the workforce are crucial to these young college students.
     For starters, workplace experience will give college students a head start in job seeking. A few additional years of work experience, especially in a relevant field, is highly coveted by employers. It would be fair to assume that a person with experience in retail or customer service with a few years of experience is more than capable of handling certain social interactions professionally at work. Thus, any additional workplace experience would be favored by a potential employer.
     Secondly, finding a job as a college student will also teach a person the valuable skill of time management. Juggling college assignments and work commitments is no easy feat and getting into this early will allow one to transition into adulthood with greater ease. This is highly beneficial, and these students will grow into dedicated adults with a work-life balance. Therefore, getting a job in college will help one manage their time more efficiently.
     Lastly, finding a part-time job as a college student will surely help students gain more independence. This includes independence from one's family financially, as well as greater discipline and control over oneself. An employer looks for such qualities in potential employees, and having such virtues benefits both oneself from a more domestic standpoint too. Thus, getting a job in college can make one more independent.
     In conclusion, getting a part-time job in college can be an arduous task, but it is still worth the hassle, as the benefits are overwhelming. 
