I strongly agree with the statement above that college students should have a part-time job. This is very important as this will prepare the students for their future to at least have a job once they graduated avoiding unemployment. Having a part-time job not only prepare the students for their future, but also helps the students to unlocked their time management skills. They can become more focus on what they are doing and punctual as they need to divide their time for college assignments and part-time job or even multitasking. A part-time job, likewise, can support the students financially. Some students might have financial problems and some might not, but having a part-time job really helps a lot in improving their needs. Nonetheless, not all jobs are suitable for college students as that requires more time or energy to complete the task given. In my opinion, college students should be able to find a part-time job that can be done online from home or anywhere, and did not take a lot of time to do the job such as virtual assistance so they can still prioritize their college assignments over work while earning some money. This can also help them to save more time, not to travel from one place to another.
I agree with the statement. Most college students only earn a stipend during the duration of their study which they would spend on their accommodation, travel expenses, food, and study materials. The stipend is usually not much but enough to cover their needs. If the student is frugal, they will be able to save some of that money every month even after paying for their accommodation, transportation, food, and books. If the student finds it difficult to save money, they would need to work to earn extra money. A part-time job is perfect for college students to earn that extra money because they can attend their classes and come to work when their classes are finished. However, part-time jobs can either be advantageous or disadvantageous for the students. Some part-time jobs offer works that can be done from home so the students would not need to physically attend the workplace and do the job anywhere as long as they have a computer. Other part-time jobs require physical attendance and staying at the workplace hours until the end of work hours. So, it all depends on the students which type of part-time jobs they want to do. Nevertheless, the importance of having a part-time job while studying at college is that it gives a balance of a real-world work experience and teaches the values of responsibility, time-management, independence, and the joy of earning money from hard work.
I disagree because college students should focus on their study than having a part-time job. If they work part-time the students may score poorly on their assignments and cannot graduate because they don’t have more time to study. For example, there are many modules for undergraduate students in a semester so it will be hard to balance studying and working. Lectures usually occur in the morning and tutorials in the afternoon. Many students spend their time studying in the library or coffee shops to finish their assignments. If the students have part-time jobs the students will also not have time to hang out with friends, rest, or do their revision after lectures or tutorials. Of course earning money is important but it is more important to finish studying when at college and gain academic knowledge. If the students must worry about their assignments due to having deadlines, their performance at the part-time job would also be affected. The manager at the job would probably ask the student to leave the job because of their poor performance at work. Full-time students usually receive allowances during their study so that can help the students with paying for their travel money back and forth from their homes to college or paying their dorm fee. So college students must be able to save their money during their study and not spend on unnecessary things.
Generally, having a part-time job would give significant benefits to college students. For instance, it provides financial aid and support for students and their college life. Since college students are more prone to socialize with friends and often hang out, therefore, having extra pocket money would be comforting. Moreover, the students can also save up for their future after graduating from college. This would enormously help since getting a permanent job is getting tougher. Likewise, having a part-time job before graduation would be also helpful as it provides a good history record for their curriculum vitae and preparation for the permanent job. However, having part-time job can arise in difficulty and requires high level of commitment. This is because college student needs to balance their time very well as some college lesson periods are on a tight schedule and require much attention to accel in the course. Furthermore, it can also decrease socializing time if the time for the meet-up does not align with other people such as friends, college, and family. Therefore, for these reasons, it is important for the college student to have a part-time job only if the students are able to find a balance in socializing, studying, and transportation.  
I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job because there are many benefits that come with having a work experience while being a student. By having a part-time job, college students can earn extra money in addition to their monthly allowance. If the student doesn’t spend the money much, the money can be useful for future needs. Having a part-time job can give the student a work experience which can boost skills and connections. Most students who have graduated university look for jobs where they worked part-time, so since the students used to work there and understood the workplace, it will boost the chance of the students to get accepted there for a full-time job. Having a part-time job can teach the students how to manage their time so they can balance studying and working. Since anyone can have more than one part-time jobs, some hardworking college students even work part-time for seven days a week so they can earn more money. They even work at weekends which I think is very impressive. It is also important to have enough time to rest especially when the students have to study for an upcoming exam or to submit their assignments. I believe that if the students are committed to do well in their studies, even if they have part-time jobs, they will succeed in finishing their studies.
I am neutral on above statement. There are several reasons for my argument on why I agree on the above statement. First, the worsening economy in the country. Likewise in Brunei, our economy are getting bad where prices for almost everything rises but salary or in this case, allowances stays stagnant. Most students struggles with saving money, so they tend to splurge especially on foods when their allowances is credited to their account, making them struggle financially for the remaining weeks until their next allowance. Atleast, with a part-time job, they will have extra money that they will be able to save up or use during emergency situations. Next, with a part-time job or jobs, they will be able to make a better content on their resume or curriculum vitae on their work experience as most job looks into these students previous job experiences. These part-time job will also make these students marketable and ready to work with confidence. Although, the following are some of the reasons why I disagree with the statement above. Part-time jobs usually clashes with the students' class schedule. There are often time where students skips their class just to attend their part-time job. Some of the job also tend to happen during odd hours, such as from evening to 10pm. This eventually distract the students from focusing on their study, and they may perform badly on their classes. And lastly, depending on theit part-time job, some part-time job are physically demanding, where this may affect the student's health and well-being in the long run. In conclusion, the importance of a part-time job depends on how well the students are able to handle them.
Personally, I agree that students should take part-time jobs, especially if you are a university student. You definitely can make the time especially during semester breaks or take up jobs with flexible working hours, say like working as a Dart driver or Gomamam rider. In this current economy like Brunei, work experience is really important nowadays, as that is what most employers look for no matter the job position. Some skills you get during part-time jobs can be carried over to future positions and those new skills you learn from each new workplace during your part-time job can stack altogether and make a really make a good CV. So it makes it easier to apply similar jobs that require more similar experiences but with higher pay, say like working as a barista or tuition teaching. In addition, doing part-time work as a student also teaches you discipline, because you are learning how to properly balance work and student life, one of the favorable characteristics and skills that many employers look for. I feel like a student who has a good amount of work experiences are likely to have better chances to be employed compared to those who only focus on studying. Early exposure to work life as a student also teaches you to be humble and understand the real world before you graduate. Plus, early exposure to part-time jobs can make you more comfortable doing more part-time work in other future establishments or perhaps full-time work during the student-to-work life transition phase. Lastly, there’s satisfaction of earning your own money. Since relying on student allowances is not sustainable in the long run, having other alternatives of earning money is good, especially for emergencies, helping paying the bills or even treating yourself for your hard work.
I disagree with that idea if the students are under the Brunei government scholarship. The main reason is because the government has paid any cost incurred during their study. The scholarship also includes several allowances for the students. The government is awarding the scholarship to allow students to completely focus on their study, personal development, and maximise any opportunities provided by the university during their course of study. If the students were to have a part-time job, it would defeat the purpose of the scholarship. Significant amount of time would be taken by the job. Those time could have been used to join UBD clubs, participate in extra projects, and revision. In which, all those things could equip the students with valuable experience and knowledge that they likely would not be able to get from other places, except in universities. However, the decision is up to the individual themselves and to Brunei government. This is just my opinion. I am only talking from my experience that is different from everybody else. The Brunei government might actually be okay with the students doing a part-time job during their study. Regardless of whether they are doing a part-time job or not, both experiences are valuable and unlikely to be a waste. Having a part-time job could be difficult to maintain with studying. The skill to manage time could be a good lesson for the students.
Having a part-time job offers several advantages to college students in a number of ways. Firstly, working while studying can help students to discipline themselves better and in managing time more effectively. Secondly, having a part-time job helps to generate income for the students. Thirdly, the students get to become more independent in life as they are earning their own money with their own struggles. Fourthly, it is beneficial in terms of their mental health by keeping themselves occupied with both study and side work so as to reduce their lonely time. Regardless, having to multitask is not meant for everyone and this also applies to having a part-time job for students. This is particularly true for those who are heavily dependent on their parents and are not willing to push themselves out of their comfort zone. Having a side job also means that the students have to hustle even more and this can take up a lot of their free time that can otherwise be used for doing additional reading, spending more time for completing assignments, and concentrating more to produce work of better quality. Additionally, social time with family and friends is reduced and that can have undesired effects on the students’ mental health.
Part-time job is a very good way for college students to gain side income for their life. As far as I know, I agree that college students should have a part-time job as long as the students can divide their time perfectly. It is important because, it’s a win-win situation for student to get their experience in a working environment preparing them for their future. Additionally, it serves as a lesson to them, gaining necessary skills and information. Therefore, part-time job is much suitable for college students to gain experiences and skills rather than just doing school assignments such as homeworks, presentations and others. In my opinion, Part-time job has more advantages than disadvantages. Among its disadvantage is that it can make the student’s grades affected badly as they will not be able to stay focus during their classes. Other than that, it can drain their energy as they will be focusing on two sides of work; which is studying and working. It is a long-term investment while they study so that they can manage their time, their activities, their home errands etc. Finally, for college students, it is very good decision to make money in a young age. So that they can manage early their lives well-being.
While I do agree that having part-time jobs is important in some aspects, having them when you are still studying may sometimes cause problems to the students, as well as the people around them. Having a part-time job as students will help them in terms of gaining income, especially if they are not given monthly allowance by their schools or parents. Being a student may sometimes require quite a sum of money (i.e when conducting researches, accessing books and references for essays, and even the gas for transporting from home to college), and that does not include the money that might be used for daily needs such as food. So, in this case, I think having a part-time job would be great to aid students financially. However, this might be an individual difference, but some students may not be able to manage their time with school work and their part-time job efficiently. Being too busy with work might disrupt their main responsibility as a student, leaving no time for them to do their assignments and some might even not attend classes in order to cover their shifts. Additionally, this might also affect the students around them. Based on my experience, for one of our projects in class, I was once in a group with someone who had a part-time job. The journey was not easy as I had to continuously pester them to finish their part while I did most of the work, since they were too busy with their part-time job. I thought it was unfair on my part. Having a part-time job might be important, mainly to help the students financially but it might have negative outcomes if one does not know how to manage their time efficiently.
It is important that students should have part-time jobs other than studying. One of the reasons is that they will have more money to pay their daily living expenses such as buying gas for their car, paying for food and groceries (which are very expensive in this time and age due to inflation), paying their phone bills (be it postpaid or prepaid, our data is very little and expensive in Brunei), etc. Next, by having part-time jobs, they will also learn how to divide their time between working and studying. By dividing their time into two, they will learn to allocate study time, working and studying creates a nice balance. This may be practice for when college is over and working for a corporation is a routine unlike studying where classes are not 8 hours a day. Another reason why it is important is because having experience in any industry may apply when working for a corporation, for example, working with people, meetings, developing social skills with clients, networking, etc. Another example is a student were to work at a cafe and from there, they would acquire skills such as working in a fast-paced environment and learning how to deal with conflicts that may arise with customers.
I disagree with the college students doing a part-time job. As what I had experienced looking at my college students whom I tutored, they had a part-time job like working at the Jollibee, McDonald, at the cinema, and etc. I found my students had become very exhausted when they attend classes at college. They had lack of attention in class because they said they had less sleep and their body ached due to their part-time job. As for their academic performance, normally they did not complete their homework and always did not submit their assignments. When they had examinations, they did not prepare at all and the results were always just enough to pass or they would just fail. They not only did not focus in class but I also noticed that they focussed more on their jobs than on studying. Their interest to study is getting lower each day. I understand that they enjoyed working because they received money on time every month unlike the campus allowances which were always not on time and only less than $300. Most of them even can afford to buy a second-hand car while doing a part-time job and become committed to it to pay monthly. On the positive side of doing a part-time job, the students have work experience and earn extra money so they do not depend on their allowances.
I slightly agree to getting a part-time job during college only based from my experience. I think it is important for the lifelong skills you will gain throughout the job and above all that, you will also be getting some income which I think is a need for college students. This means no crappy food and actually eating the food that you want. In terms of skills, it depends on what kind of job you get, whether it is an office internship or simply working in a cafe. Building connections throughout could benefit you in the future and in the meantime of doing the job, you are seeking your hobbies and passions. I personally enjoyed having a job during my time in college. I did gain some sort of experience in the field and connections which then did benefit me for future jobs. The money was great too, I bought the things I wanted to and ate the things I wanted to simply because I could afford them. I also saved up some cash for emergencies. As much as I enjoyed working, there are downsides to it. The work-life has completely consumed me and I became a workaholic. I had made a part-time job a full-time job; ignoring all assignments and priorities changing. I had no time for classes and social life. Ultimately failing my classes and having friends cut me off for not making time for them. I worked too much that my body was shutting down on me and I was not taking care of myself. I had developed sleep deprivation and had issues driving back home. So I will say that having part-time jobs as a college student is very much a 50/50 for me, as much as I enjoyed it, it was also killing me.
I am of two minds about the statement because I both agree and disagree. On one hand, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job because they can gain work experience, earn a salary, build connections for their future careers, and personal development. Nowadays, in addition to academic qualifications, work experience is also what most employers would look for during a job interview. If you only have academic qualifications, employers might think that you are lazy at finding a job or building your skills. Some college students hop from one job to another, for example, from working as a barista to a cashier to a pump attendant at a gas filling station to childcare workers, just for the search of extra money. When they earn their salary, it builds a sense of achievement, which I think that is what adulthood is about. When you earn your money after a hard work, you will care for it and spend it wisely. Building connections with employers is also important so the students can get a job straightaway after they graduated from college. In terms of personal development, having a part-time job teaches us to be independent, responsible, and how to manage time, energy, and money. On the other hand, I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job because it would take away their social life and time for studying and completing their assignments. Say if your lecture classes are in the morning, then you have tutorial classes to attend from 1pm to 3pm. Your part-time job is from say 5pm to 11pm. That means you will have less time to sleep and study.
In my opinion, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are many reasons for this. For those who are financially inadequate, having a part-time job could alleviate their financial burden which is especially important for students overseas as there is quite a distance from their living area to university. We need to take into account their rent, spendings on food and essential items and especially transportation fare and fuel. In the case of Brunei, it is mostly on fuel costs and miscellaneous spending. Another important reason is to expose them to the real world. In my personal experience, I have those who have not worked part-time are mostly naive and spoiled, which could affect their mental health on their first job. The real world is not all sunshine and rainbows where everything is handed nicely to you, we will encounter a toxic environment, harsh and strict working conditions and even unfair ones, lazy colleagues, mean bosses, etc. This is important to shape and prepare them for future jobs as enduring and becoming resilient is very important. Another reason why it is important is that it can teach college students about time management, juggling between job and school is quite hectic if unprepared and the discipline needed, if they go through it till the end.
I am quite in the middle for this question, to some extent yes but sometimes no. I believe that if the person is able to manage their time well then they should try and get a part-time job however if you are the opposite then it would not do well for you. Because having a part time job requires a big level of commitment along with a lot of planning on your side as the employer, so that you can ensure you have enough time to study but also work. All the while making sure you are physically, emotionally and mentally sound. The planning includes managing your time between working and studying. Since you are still studying, you are going to attend lectures and tutorials, work on your assignments and sit for an exam at the end of the semester. If you are working part time then you are going work maybe six hours a day. However there are caveats such as if you are someone who is really in need of money then yes by all means take a part-time job, if you want to have the part-time job to have a little bit of freedom then please go right ahead. I think at the end of the day people should decide for their own whether having a part time job is worth their time.
I agree that having a part-time job is important for college students because there are many benefits. A part-time job can help college students learn useful skills like time management, communication, and teamwork. Although these skills can be obtained at college by studying and completing the assignments, they are actually difficult to adapt to. Time management is balancing the time for studying and working so the students learn how to balance their time and tasks. Communication is when the students have to build rapport with their coworkers and employers. Teamwork is when the students have to work together with others at their workplace so they won’t feel like they work alone. These skills are important for future jobs and are not always taught in school. Having a part-time job can provide extra money for college students. As a university student myself, college or universities can be expensive with the tuition fees, travelling and living costs for staying at campus accommodation. Having a part-time job can help students pay for these expenses without relying completely on allowances or their parents’ money. It also teaches them how to budget and manage money. Having a part-time job can give them real-world experience that looks good on their resumes. Generally, I notice that employers like to see that a student has work experience and can handle multiple responsibilities, not just having a university degree. This experience can help students get better jobs after graduation.
Based on my experience working as a barista at a café, I agree that having a part-time job is important for college students. Before I was offered the job, I relied on my college allowance which was just enough for me to spend on travelling by car. I was lucky that my parents had a spare car which I could drive. But students don’t always receive the allowance on time. I experienced three months without allowance so my parents had to give me money for travelling and food. Now I work at a café so I have my own money and I no longer ask my parents for money. I have always loved the smell of coffee and wanted to master coffee-making so I enjoy working as a barista. The downside of working part-time while being a student is I always look at the time. I have to manage my time between going to college and coming in for work. My employer is kind to me because he understands that I still study at college. At first, I find it difficult to balance studying and working but after a while, I realize that I get better at managing my time. I learned that it is important for me to just focus on attending lectures and doing my assignments when I am at college and not to participate in extracurricular activities. If I join such activities, I won’t have the time to spend on my assignments. Another good thing about working part-time is the free food and drinks I can bring home at the end of the day. Sometimes I can bring home coffee and baked food. My coworkers are also nice to me so I find my work environment comfortable and not demanding.
I think the answer to this question depends fully on each student's situation. As a college student myself, I don't see the importance or have the urgency of getting a part-time job. This is due to two main factors. One of them being my parents, the other reason being financial security. The concept of doing part-time jobs is not foreign to me, since several of my family members and friends have them. Even I have considered getting one myself, mostly out of concern for my family and the desperation to feel independent. However, for some reason my parents have never allowed me to work until I finish studying. I assume this is because they worry for me and my well-being, they have expressed before that they dislike the idea of me participating in something that does not contribute to what I do in the future. They also repeatedly highlighted the fact that they have the finances to support me and my educational journey. With that said, I would like to acknowledge the privilege I have and I'm aware that not everyone is lucky enough to not have part-time jobs. I understand that most people take up part-time jobs due to financial reasons. Some of them have no choice but to have a part-time job to either help their family's financial issues or afford buying items they need. However, I actually think this experience helps them build their social and interpersonal skills, as well as get them familiar with earning money and what to do with it. The final answer fully depends on the student itself. If it was me, I personally don't have the need to get one even though I want to. But for other people, having a part-time job may be extremely important due to personal reasons.
Having a part-time job while being college students can have its pros and cons. This means that part-time jobs can be both necessary and unnecessary depending on the living conditions of the students. Hence, this essay will briefly explain the two situations by considering the possible living situations of the students. Having a part-time job can be important for college students. In this case, their living conditions may be the catalyst to want and willingly look for part-time jobs. The students may be financially unstable or preferring financial independence from their families or simply desiring to achieve financial stability on their own too while also being given financial support from their families. All these factors may lead to the determination to look for part-time jobs, especially if they already have plans on how to use their earnings such as for buying foods, paying for school fees, paying for insurance, and more. Particularly for those who live in college dorms, they may want to earn money to pay for their rents which can be costly. In some other case, having a part-time job may not be as important for college students. There can also be various scenarios why students may not have plans to do part-time work. They may prefer to focus on their studies first or to have resting time after their studies. They may be financially stable especially if their families also give them enough financial support. This is not necessarily suggesting that they are lazy to put some efforts into the financial stability of their lives. Rather, they may have other priorities first and would like to experience things in order such as finishing all studies first. Only when they feel academically satisfied enough will they start looking for jobs.
I both agree and disagree to the statement. First, the reasons why I agree is because of the experience, income, skills and length of time working. If college students work part-time, they will have a work experience which they can write in their resume. To any employers, if college students have work experience, that could give a good impression of a hardworking person. By working at a part-time job, the students will gain many skills such as how to do tasks efficiently and co-working with others at the job. The money that the students earned by working at a part-time job can help the students financially. It is no surprise that being a college student needs money to pay for the accommodation, transportation (unless the students can walk to and from college to their home), food, tuition fee, and registration fee. When the students graduate, they will need money to rent or pay for their graduation gowns. Apart from food and transportation costs, the other stuff is costly. So the money earned from working at part-time jobs can help pay most if not all of that. Lastly, the good thing about working part-time is the length of time. Usually, part-time jobs end after 1 or 2 years. So the job commitment is not long-term. The students can move on to other jobs they like after the current one ends. Now the reasons why I disagree with the statement earlier is because of time management. It will be difficult for students to balance their time between working and studying or completing their assignments to graduate. They can become tired or sleepy when they attend their classes.
I think I can agree to a certain extent. I agree that it is good for college students to have a part-time job but I don’t agree that it is important. In my opinion, having a part-time job is great for work experience, the CV, the money, and connecting with others professionally, but it is not a must thing to do. Because students need time and energy to focus on their study. I myself as a university student find that if I work part-time, I don’t think I would able to divide my time between working and studying. I think that is because I can be absorbed into studying because I like it. If I work, that would be chaotic for me. But I can understand if other students have part-time jobs because they want to earn money because students can’t just depend on their allowances. Some students are fee-paying and some are government-funded so it is a different case for everyone. I think that if the student can find the balance between working and studying, then they should do that. If not, then I think that there is nothing wrong with focusing on doing one thing at a time because everyone is different. I myself can’t do many things at one time because I can get overwhelmed and panicked. So I prefer to finish my undergrad first, then I can look for a job.
I disagree. College students have their own occupation which is to attend lectures, study, finish their assignments and then graduate. When I was doing my undergraduate degree, it was a lot to do in one day because I had to attend either lectures or tutorials both in the morning and in the afternoon. Then when I came home, I had to do revision because if I didn’t, I would forget what was taught in the lessons. Then I also had to prepare some research idea or topics for assignments. I was not a super smart student but I did my best to meet all deadlines and did revisions especially for exams at the end of the semester. To me at that time it was already so much to do in one day. If I also had to work, I don’t think I would be able to do that. I probably wouldn’t be able to graduate after four years of doing an undergraduate degree. I would suggest college students to finish their studies first before taking a job so that they can focus on studying and graduating. I was fortunate to have parents who had extra cars which I could drive to and from university. Some friends were dropped off and fetched by their parents so they had to walk from one building to another. Other friends carpooled to save money or if they didn’t have extra cars to drive.
I think it's a good idea for college students to have a part-time job. Part-time work has some pretty cool benefits that can make a positive difference in a student's college experience and future career opportunities. Having part-time jobs give students some really important work experience. This experience is valuable when students are looking for a job after they graduate because a lot of employers like to see that candidates have real-world skills and can handle responsibility. Even entry-level positions can teach essential skills like time management, communication, teamwork, and problem-solving that students can use in all kinds of jobs. Another thing is that part-time jobs can help students handle the high costs of going to college. With tuition, textbooks, and living expenses getting more and more expensive, having a job can help students manage their money better, so they don't have to take out as many loans and end up with less debt when they graduate. Being financially independent can also help students learn to be responsible and self-reliant. Also, juggling work and school can make students better at organizing their time and doing a bunch of things at once. Students who can handle both usually get better at managing their time, which can help them in both their school and work lives. Learning to decide what's most important and getting things done early on can make students more productive and efficient. However, it's important to remember that students should try to balance their work and school schedules so that their job doesn't mess up their grades. Working too much can lead to stress and burnout, which can really hurt a student's health and studies. So, it's important to make sure that students keep a good balance.
I agree that it’s important for college students to have a part-time job because it offers work experience, money, time management, and various skills. The work experience will benefit the students when they apply for jobs after they graduate college. Having the experience can boost the students CV and employers usually are interested at employing graduates who have work experience. The money earned from the part-time jobs can help the students with paying for their car fuel or repair, food, college accommodation, and other college necessities like purchasing a laptop and stationery. With the money, the students don’t need to depend on their parents. Having a part-time job and being a student can make the student manage his or her time better and increase their focus. Managing the time also include the time spared for self-care, family time, and hanging out with friends. The skills that can be obtained from having a part-time job can be communication, adaptability, and other tactile skills like organizing objects, counting money, making art coffee, or cooking. Although there are many benefits of having a part-time job while being a college student, there are downsides as well. In my opinion, the downsides are mainly from the well-being of the students. If the students can’t balance or manage the academic tasks and job tasks, it can make the students feel overwhelmed and stressed because of having multiple things to do everyday. They can lose their friends if they begin to spend less time with friends or family and focus on studying and working only. Having a part-time while being a student requires physical and mental capabilities.
I’m not sure if I 100% agree or disagree on the statement because college students having a part-time job can be a good and also a bad thing. Some people say that the good thing about working part-time can give students practical experience and valuable skills, which can be a big plus for their future careers. However, some people also say the bad thing about working too much is that it can hurt a student's ability to stay in school and do well. Juggling work and school can be super stressful and make it harder for students to finish a degree. They may end up failing their modules or extending their semesters because they can’t take a lot of modules in one semester. In my opinion, it's important for students to have the option of working part-time because of the work experience and salary, but colleges need to step up and provide support to help students handle their work and school commitments. Like at UBD, students who can’t take a lot of modules in one semester can take a minimum of two modules per semester. In my opinion, whether or not to work part-time should be a personal decision based on a student's individual circumstances, goals, and ability to find a balance between work and school.
I must say that I agree with the statement. College students need to have a part-time job despite for the reason to earn extra money, but also to acquire soft and hard skills. Such as they will be able to manage their own time between studying and working, and they will also be able to discipline themselves. Furthermore, by having a part time job will assist them in the future employment as they already have the working experiences. Also, working a part-time job while in college can really help students expand their networks by connecting them with industry pros and potential future employers. It also helps students learn to handle multiple responsibilities which builds up their sense of independence and time management. Besides improving time management and discipline, working part-time also teaches students the value of money and budgeting which can give them a head start on saving money for future. On top of that, the skills learned from these jobs - like communication, teamwork, problem-solving, and customer service - are super useful no matter what career path students choose. These experiences make students more competitive in the job market and also give them practical extra skills and knowledge that complement what they've learned in college. Basically, a part-time job acts as a crucial link or bridge between college life and the professional world.
Yes, I agree because many students require additional financial support to cover essential expenses like food, transportation, and fuel to continue their education. Even though schools may provide allowances, these funds may not always be sufficient for students who need to save for the future or prepare for emergencies. Some students are fortunate enough to receive extra money from their parents. But other students often still struggle to save due to various expenses. For instance, students who own vehicles must have their own savings for car maintenance, repairs, and daily use, which adds to their financial burden. Moreover, it's crucial for students to learn how to earn money while they are still young. This is because, after graduation, they may face challenges in securing permanent employment and those who haven't developed financial independence might find this transition difficult. In situations where graduates struggle to find a job, starting their own business from scratch could be their only option. They can use their talents in cooking or making drinks to build businesses in food and beverages. Despite the challenges of entrepreneurship, it is essential to be persistent and resilient for sustaining their livelihood.  We need to accept the fact that some people find jobs more easily than others, while some face repeated rejections despite their efforts. This is why having a part-time job during college is so important. Part-time work not only helps students meet their immediate financial needs but also teaches them valuable lessons about earning money and coping with the realities of life after graduation.
I would say I agree because having a part-time job can really help college students out. It gives them some extra cash to hang out with friends and enjoy college life. Plus, they can save up for the future and boost their resume for when they graduate. Despite these benefits, it is not all fun and games because balancing work and studies can be tough and it might eat into their socializing time. Students should carefully consider the number of hours they work each week to make sure that it doesn't negatively impact their academic performance. The worst case scenario would be if the students fail their modules or courses. So it is also essential for them to choose a job that offers flexibility to allow them to prioritize their studies during exam periods or when assignments are due. Additionally, part-time work can teach valuable time management and organizational skills which are beneficial in both their academic and future professional lives. The final conclusion is that while a part-time job can provide numerous benefits, students need to strike a balance to make the most of their college experience without compromising their education. So it is important for students to only take on a part-time job if they can handle it alongside their studies, social life, and transportation.
I agree. Having a part-time job comes with a lot of advantages for college students. First, working while studying can really help students get better at managing their time because they need to juggle college and work. Second, making some extra cash can give the students a bit more independence because they are earning their own money. That sense of independence can really make the students feel more responsible and rely on themselves. Third, having a job can be good for the students’ mental health. It keeps the students busy, gives them a sense of purpose and working with others can help the students feel less lonely. But the reality of balancing work and school is not for everyone especially if the students don’t want to step out of their comfort zone. The reality of having a job means having less free time which could cut into the study time and affect the students’ grades. With less free time, the students might end up hanging out less with family and friends, which can make them feel lonely. Doing both work and studying can make the students feel overwhelmed. Although a part-time job can teach students valuable skills and help them financially, it’s much more important for them to first figure out if they can handle it without sacrificing their grades or well-being. For some students, it might be better to focus on their academic performance and personal growth during college rather than piling on extra responsibilities that could lead to burnout.
I think it’s important for students to have part-time jobs alongside their studies for several reasons. First, students can have more money for paying fuel for their cars, car maintenance, covering the expenses of food and accommodation (if they live away from their parents), and paying their phone bills. The money can be saved up for emergency situations as well. By earning their own money, students can achieve a sense of financial independence and responsibility which is a crucial part of growing up and real-world. Secondly, dividing their time for both work and studies teaches students the valuable skill of time management. They can learn to divide their time for work while also making sure that their academic priorities are not neglected. The time management skill is a valuable practice for the students’ future professional lives, especially when they are transitioning into a full-time work environment. Thirdly, the experience gained from part-time jobs is valuable because it provides students with practical skills that can be applicable across various industries. For example, working with colleagues, interacting with customers, joining company meetings, and improving networking skills are all important things that students can learn through having part-time jobs. Working in settings such as a café and restaurants can equip students with essential abilities, like adapting to a fast-paced work environment and handling customers’ demands.
I agree that it’s important for college students to have part-time jobs, but juggling both work and study can be very challenging for one person. I acknowledge that part-time jobs can provide students with financial support and work experience for their future career prospects. Having a part-time job can help students earn extra money if they don’t receive an allowance from their parents or their college. The money can fund essential expenses such as food, accommodation, car fuel and maintenance, and academic resources. If the students receive regular allowances from their parents or college, they can save the earned money for their future needs. In a way, having part-time jobs can teach financial management and responsibilities. However, there are downsides of having part-time job while still being a student. Some students may struggle with managing their time for both academic responsibilities, such as finishing their assignments and studying for exams, and a part-time job. With limited free time due to juggling both work and studying, the students may feel left out by their friends and experience hardships because of stress. The stress can affect the work and academic performances of the students. So students should be aware of the well-being of their physical and mental health before deciding to take part-time jobs while they are still studying at college.
I’m somewhat in favour of having a part-time job during college because of my own personal experience. I believe that it’s important to have a job while being a student for the valuable skills it can give. These skills can be useful in life. The skills one gains depend on the location and position of the job, such as working at restaurants or cafes, supermarkets, schools, etc. By having a job, the student can earn some income to pay for their food, accommodation, car fuel, emergencies, etc. Since nowadays students enjoy studying or working on their assignments at cafes, the earned money can buy them a cup of coffee or a meal. The money can also help the students to be more self-reliant even if they live with their parents or drive their parents’ car. At the workplace, students can build up connections so that they can target the job they want once they graduate from college. But there are also drawbacks to having a part-time job and being a student. The student’s health and well-being can be affected due to not having enough time to rest or sleep. Their daily routine can become repetitive, and exhausting, and assignments may not get done. Their academic performance may decrease, leading to failing their course. They may also lose their friends if they no longer hang out as much as before. In conclusion, if college students want to have a part-time job, I believe that having a balance between working and studying and taking care of their physical and mental health is important.
Getting a part-time job while in college is a great way for students to make some extra money while handling their studies. Honestly, I’m all for it as long as they can manage their time well. It’s a great way to gain real-world experience while still in college. It’s kind of like killing two birds with one stone. Plus, having a part-time job teaches students important life skills, like how to manage their time, take responsibility, and deal with workplace stuff. These are things you don’t always learn in class but are super important for personal and professional growth. In fact, I think working part-time gives students way more practical experience than just focusing on written assignments or oral presentations. Despite all of that, we must also take into account that it’s not all sunshine and rainbows. Balancing work and study can be tough and it might even hurt their grades if they’re too tired or stressed to focus in class. Juggling both can be pretty exhausting since they’re essentially doing two jobs at once, studying and working. But having said that, I personally see working while studying as a long-term investment. It helps students learn how to manage their time, activities, and even household chores better. So, in the end, getting a part-time job in college is a smart move. It not only helps students start earning money early but also sets them up to manage their lives better as they transition into adulthood.
I think deciding whether or not to get a part-time job as a student really depends on each person’s situation. Although it is encouraged to experience the real world through working while studying, but there are pros and cons of it that need to be considered. I know a lot of students out there take up part-time jobs because they need extra money to pay for their college essentials, transportation, and monthly expenses, and to afford whatever they want without depending on their parents’ money. I think this part is great because it teaches the students to be more self-sufficient and independent. Even if they have parents who give them allowance or pay for whatever they need, the earned money from the part-time job can be saved for future needs, like buying their own car or paying for house rent if they want to move out of their parent’s house. Apart from managing their own money and being independent, I also think that working a part-time job teaches a lot about social interactions, time management, and handling responsibilities, which are skills that are definitely valuable in the long run. The cons of having to do both part-time jobs and attending college are the stress and having less free time. I think it’s natural to feel stressed when we have to do so much yet want to excel at everything. At the of the day, students must prioritise their studies, not their part-time jobs. With less free time, there won’t be much social interaction with friends and family which can make the students feel lonely. All that considered, it really depends on the individual.
I'm kind of on the fence about this. On one hand, having a part-time job can be helpful, especially with how things are going with the economy right now. Prices are going up on just about everything, but salaries and allowances are not budging. This really puts students in a tough spot. A lot of them struggle to save money and end up spending most of their allowance as soon as it hits their account, usually on food. Then they are left trying to stretch what’s left for the rest of the month. A part-time job could really help them earn some extra cash to save or use when something unexpected comes up. The work experience can also boost a student’s resume. Part-time jobs can teach important skills like time management, dealing with customers, and working in a team, which makes students more attractive to employers and gives them more confidence when they start looking for full-time work. But there are also some downsides. Part-time jobs often mess with students’ class schedules and it’s not unusual for students to skip class to make it to work. Some of these jobs have weird hours, like working late into the evening, which can mess up a student’s ability to stay focused on their studies because they are tired. Some jobs require standing for hours, heavy lifting, or working in stressful environments can leave them with little energy for studying or even just taking care of themselves. In the end, whether a part-time job is a good idea or not really depends on how well a student can juggle work and school. The extra cash and work experience are definite perks, but getting distracted from studying or feeling physically drained are things to keep in mind.
