     In my opinion, the smoking has a lot of effect on the body and has no effect at all. For example, nicotine addiction, if we smoke in large quantities or more consecutively, it will have a bad effect and can't stop smoking it. In 1 cigarette, it can destroy almost every part of our body, starting from the lungs. Breathing, blood vessels, brain, heart, skeleton, and muscles For example, it has a long-term negative effect example : It should not be smoked in public places, workplaces, schools, restaurants, hospitals. Must be a non-smoking place because smoking in that place is something that should not be done because it causes trouble to those around you as well Finally, I would like to reduce smoking and stop selling tobacco to teenagers in order to reduce the problem of smoking addiction so that it does not harm themselves and others. I want smoking to become taboo, to become an unlawful thing, so that I can stop smoking and turn to keep my body alive. Just quitting smoking is healthy. Lungs will come back to work better. But quitting smoking will help the body to be more balanced and the quality of life will also improve as well.

 
From my view, I strongly agree that smoking is prohibited in public places or restaurants,Because the smoke from cigarettes affects the smoker and and people who smell cigarette smoke.In addition to diseases caused by smoking There are many more penalties for smoking.  This results in various physical abnormalities such as tooth decay, black stained teeth, bad breath, body odor, yellow nails, rough skin, gray hair and premature aging.  which affects socialization and daily life Until I may have to suffer from depression.  or suffer from a disease that may eventually killAnd we also have ways to prevent cigarette smoke.Smoking must not be allowed in the house or car.  if smoking Wash your hands before touching things in the house.  Avoid places where people smoke.  and not near the smoking area Take extra precautions for children, pregnant women, the elderly, and people with heart or respiratory problems.and personal opinions are Cigarettes should not be produced in the first place because it does more harm than good.The good thing about smoking is that it's almost nonexistent, only bad people.I want to know what he was made for.If it's used as a medicine or medical use, it should be better.produce for people to consume.
 For me i think the restaurant is the place for families and many families have children  or babies to go with so nobody need their baby to smell the smoke of cigarette but we can't deny if anybody need to smoke for relaxing after eating it's might be their pleasure it would be bad for them if it's illegal but smoking in restaurant is disturbing and annoying other people however if they can smoke at their house, their car, their private area or some of restaurant have the area for smoking, they can smoke without affecting other people. Every body know smoking is affect your health in the long term. The smoke from cigarette may cause a lung cancer or respiratory problems. We knew we can't stop the smoker if they don't take care of their health. Anyway most of restaurant are use air condition when someone smoking the smoke will spread over other people that not even the smoker but other people are at high risk of being cancer, it make other people in trouble with health problem. The smoker not just made their life in dangerous but it affect to other people especially with the little child. To ban smoking in the restaurant might didn't affect to the business that much but no doubt most of the customers are not into smoking if there is banning smoking in the restaurant will help peoples'health better and make the restaurant feel much better


 
 Agree smoking should be prohibited because smoking is the cuase of others desease such as Cancer, swollen lungs. Smoking make air pulution and make other people anoying 
Example: we always see No smoking sign in publish area such as restaurant, train station, hospital, club, bank and other places To commence with, smoking exerts an extremely harmful influence on human health, posing a serious threat to the lungs and causing various types of cancer, as well as reducing the quality of life. The World Health Organization (WHO) has reported that the use of tobacco results in the premature deaths of a staggering 8 million people each year. This is due to the profound impact that smoking has on public health, causing a range of illnesses that can ultimately lead to early death. Not only does smoking cause damage to the smoker's health, but it also affects those around them, as second-hand smoke is equally as harmful. Additionally, smoking decreases the overall quality of life for both smokers and non-smokers alike, with smokers experiencing reduced lung function, which can make it difficult for them to engage in physical activities or enjoy daily life. Moreover, smoking does not solely affect human health, but it also has adverse effects on the environment.

 
"I agree for smoking should be banned, however at all restaurant or other in the country, because smoking is having a lot of bad effect to people and environment, damage air pollution, health.  Smoking it cause of disease and a lot of bad effect.
      Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants, not only restaurant, but every place should be banned that it causes of damage, it disturbs people around who smoke.  Smoking is a lot of bad effect such as: smoking can damage people around who smoke, sometime they might get heart disease, cancer, hard to breath from smoking, smoking damage air pollution. Smoking also bring problems of the immune system and increase risk. All in all, there are a lot of bad effects Therefore, if want society to live and have fresh air, so that smoking should be band for our country better to live and we will have good health and no one wants to have health problems with what they didn't do.
      Lastly, however smoke at all restaurant or other in the country, smoking is the thing that shouldn't do when have to live or spend time with many people, who smoke should consider about pollution and people around more that how much will effect on them.

"
In my opinion, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because, no matter where you smoke, it should not disturb others, not even in restaurants but in any public places. A restaurant should be the place for gathering people, like families or friends, and having a meal with enjoyment and satisfaction. In general, we all know that a restaurant is not a place to smoke. At least we can make some noise, but not too loud, at the place, and it is of course forbidden to do anything harmful to the place, but it is still not ok to smoke in the restaurant. When you smoke in any restaurant, it will of course create an unsatisfactory environment in the place, making it uncomfortable for the people there, especially children. If you really want to smoke, the best solution is to smoke outside the restaurant. Therefore, smoking should be seriously banned in not just restaurants but in theaters,  hospitals, schools, etc. It should be common sense for smokers to know where they should smoke or where they should not. Every restaurant should have a sign that states that smoking is forbidden in this restaurant and should have adequate punishment for those who break the rule.
In my opinion who doesn't like smoking, I really agree with that. Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country, because restaurants is one of public places where every kind of people can enjoy. For me, smoking is not the polite thing and most of people also don't like it. However I also understand people who like smoking, they smoke because they love it, smoking offers their happiness, it is their choice. I still insist on it, smoking suppose to be banned at all the restaurant to avoid setting bad role model for the children and to respect each other because the cigarettes smell so bad, people come to eat and enjoy the food or the environment in restaurant, they want to have nice and fresh moment. So, it is not acceptable to smoke in the restaurant. Let's think,  if smoking is allowed in every restaurant, what would happen?? The children might see it and think that it is the cool thing to follow, how can we handle it if the children start smoking at the age of 5? It is the bigger problem than smoking in restaurant. For these  reasons, smoking should not be permitted at every kind of public places if it's possible.
"Yes, I agree with this matter. A restaurant is a place where people use it for having meals, experiencing good taste, and enjoying the wonderful smell of foods. Smoking in a restaurant is considered something that should not be done because it very much disturbs other people. Not everyone likes smoking. I am one of those people who really doesn't like it when someone smokes in restaurants. In addition to making our appetites less, the smoke from cigarettes is also not good for people's health. People who smoke should be considerate of others because there are both old and young people in restaurants. They should go outside the restaurant to smoke, or just finish having their meal and go out to smoke. I'm pretty sure no one takes a whole day to eat just one meal, so I think about stopping smoking in restaurants. Everyone can do it, and it is good to ban smoking in restaurants. Stopping smoking in a restaurant not only respects other customers but also respects chefs who are dedicated to cooking for us with all their skill. And in addition, when entering a restaurant, everyone should experience the joy of eating, not smoke cigarettes that have a bad smell and are not good for health.
 "
"Smoking is very dangerous to people who do not smoke but surround by smoker it can cause many health problem including, lung cancer, heart disease, etc. smoke does not have a good thing. It only causes many bad things especially to people who smoke. One place that smoking should be banned is in restaurant in the country for some reasons.
Smoking in restaurant can be dangerous to the health of other. Second hand smoker cause health problem especially children or new born who is surrounded by smoker at restaurant. Banning smoking in the restaurant we can reduce a number of smoker and pollution also and we can protect health of everyone.
People smoking in a restaurant because they other doing it first and they start doing this. Its called social activity that is why we have to banned smoking in the restaurant. How to banned smoking is we must show that smoking in the restaurant is so rude.
banning smoking in restaurants can help to create a healthier environment for customers and employees. Smoking can create an unpleasant smell in restaurants, which can be off-putting to customers. Additionally, employees who work in restaurants that allow smoking are at risk of developing health problems themselves. 
In conclusion, smoking should be banned in restaurant because it never cause a good to social. It cause may problem to everyone.



"
   In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it is dangerous to everyone's health. It destroys the vibe while eating and makes unpleasant smells in the restaurant. The smell of cigarettes disturbs other people, it's disrespectful to other people and places. Everyone comes to the restaurant to enjoy the vibe and spend time with their family. They probably felt very bad that someone came to spoil the vibe. No matter if people around you do not smoke, but they breathe in it, and they are being affected by you, it is called second-hand smoke. We should be aware that it causes cancer. It doesn't just hurt you, but it hurts other people too. Smoking puts you at risk of bad health. It makes you tired easily, and it is difficult to breathe, because it destroys the respiration system in your lungs. There are a lot of negative effects on health. In conclusion, all the restaurants in the country should solve this problem by banning smoking in restaurants, because it is not good and has only negative effects for everyone. Restaurants are places where we have to be together with other people, we must respect each other and the place.
"I am extremely agree that Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking in public is illegal and that's why there are designated smoking areas only. As we all know that Drug addiction is a dangerous substance and it is the cause of many deaths. Especially people who are second hand smoking. As we can see there are many cases of second hand smoking and it has created a lot of pain for those affected.
Therefore, banning smoking in restaurants is the most correct thing. Because I am sure that no one in the restaurant will like it if there is someone smoking in the restaurant or in that area because it will definitely make the atmosphere or the feeling of the people in the restaurant feel bad. And the most important thing in a restaurant is a place where everyone can't avoid the passive smoking, if there are people smoking in the restaurant and try to imagine if someone is smoking and others are sitting, eating or talking in the restaurant, of course the passive smoking will spread throughout the restaurant. Imagine how much it would affected to people in the restaurant. These are why smoking in the restaurants should not be allowed. "
"I agree with this topic because we all know that smoking is not good for health.and the smell of smoke is also interrupt other customers who are not smoking in restaurants because they want smell the food not the smoke of the cigarette if someone wants to smoke they are supposed to smoke outside the restaurants or there should be have specific places or zone that allow smoking.
I think banning cigarettes in restaurants should be published in TV or social media, this concept should be taught in education system as well.In order for restaurants not to have smoking There should be have punishments in restaurants for who smoking such as if they smoke they have to pay. If they don't pay they need to get out.
People who smoke are not that wrong, but they have to respect the social rules or other people especially old people, children,sick people,and women who are pregnant.
So I support banning smoking in restaurants and it is should be a basis rule that people have to do in every restaurants.

"
"Smoking should be banned in all restaurants as it has negative effects on people's health and the environment. In this essay, I will discuss some of the serious issues about smoking in restaurants.

Firstly, smoking in restaurants can be very disruptive for people who are trying to enjoy their meals. The smell of cigarettes is unpleasant, which can spoil the dining experience. In addition, it can mask the aroma and taste of the food, which is one of the most important aspects of eating the food.

Secondly, smoking is a bad habit that is not polite, especially in public places. It is harmful to the smoker's health and can lead to serious diseases such as lung cancer, heart attacks, and high blood pressure. Furthermore, it can also harm other people who breathe in the secondhand smoke, such as waiters and other restaurant staff.

Moreover, smoking in restaurants can also cause environmental damage. Cigarette smoke is a major contributor to air pollution, which can have a big effect on the health of people nearby. It can also leave behind an unpleasant odor in the restaurant long after the smoker has left.

In conclusion, smoking should be banned in all restaurants to protect people's health and the environment."
"There is smoking for a long time since the past until now. It has both advantages and disadvantages, but smoking still be favored for some groups of people.

I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is because some of people who like smoking not smoke only in their place, but they do it in public places too, especially in the restaurants, I think people come to reatuarants to have a meal and during having a meal, they probably do not want the smell of cigarette smoke. Some people who come to restaurants has not only adult, there are some elderly people and kids, so it not safe and good for them. When someone smokes, It produces cigarette smoke which effects people around the smoker. Smoking can make the smoker feel relaxed, but if they use it so often, it might clause some of health problems. The problems of health not only happen with the smokers, but also people around them. Actually, there is a method that can help in solving the problem of smoking in restaurants like providing the specific areas where smoking is allowed and clearly far from the areas used for eating, It is not work for every restaurants, though. There still have some people who do not follow this solution. Maybe it would be better to try another way and strictly banning smoking in restaurants is also a good option.

The last, I see that smoking in restaurants has more negative effects. It does not effect only the smokers but it also effects people around them. And restaurants is the one of places where full with a lot of people, so I think it should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country."
