 	I agree with the statement which mentioned college students should have a part time job. About half of the college students are aged between 20 to 24 years old, at this age we should have the responsibility to pay our study fee without relying on our parents. Aside from that, most of the colleges are situated in the city which means high living costs for students to study over there. Thus, if one student is working as a part time job, he/ she can pay for his living expenses. Furthermore, students can spend their free time outside class with benefits activities such as working as part time job to gain their work experience to beautify their resume once they graduate. From the part time job, students can fulfill themselves with the common working requirements to better suit themselves in a new workplace. In addition, students may also gained experience on how to communicate with their boss and customers. While doing part time jobs, students are trained to have very strong time management skills to balance their work and study. Most of the company nowadays are looking for graduates with multitasking skills, thus, college students can trained themselves to be multitasking by working as part time job. 
 In my opinion, I strongly agree with the college students about having a part-time job. 
The reason for my agreement is the college students can earn the money to pay for tuition fees or living expenses. Nowadays, many students can be the entrepreneur by staring up business on the social media. For instance, the products that can be sold are clothing, snack food or face mask. Some students also be the runner or admin of food delivery. This income will help those students who are facing financial problems, at the same time they can continue their education.
Furthermore, the second reason is that the student can gain working experience during part time job. Since college students will step into the real-life working environment after graduation, working as a part timer helps in earning more working experience which may be related to their major. From that point, the student can understand what their weakness is and how to improve their skills or personality to match the demands of the working space. 
Moreover, this is a good opportunity to expand the social circle while working as a part timer. If the college students are working as service crews or sales associates at the restaurant or gadget shop, they will have a chance to know the customer. Especially for the servicing career, the customers will always seek for help and the sales person has to provide long term service. Unintentionally, the person will gain trust from the customers and build a good reputation. Therefore, those college students will easily receive help or support perhaps they are facing difficulties or seeking job opportunities after graduation. 
	In short, I definitely agree with the college students to have a part-time job because they can earn some income, gain working experience and expand their social circle.  
 In my opinion, I am agree that a part time job is important to college students. This is because the part time jobs can bring a lot of benefits to the college students.

The part time job could help college students to spend their time especially during the semester break. A typical semester break for a college student is around 2 weeks to 10 weeks. During the semester break, most of the college students will usually sit at their home and play game or do nothing. Therefore, a part time job could help them to spend their time wisely and earn their own pocket money which could use that money for more beneficial activities.

Furthermore, having a part time job could help the college students to enhance their skills and abilities, such as, teamworking, time management, communication, problem solving, etc. During part time work, college students have to deal with many different situations. For example, college students might need to communicate with the customers to understand their requirements in order to provide them with suitable solutions. Other than that, college students also need to communicate their colleagues especially during a group task for ensuring that the task can be carried out smoothly. In addition, college students can improve their problem-solving skills because they will seek solutions when they meet the difficult problem either by the customer or employer. Lastly, in order to complete the task in time, college students should learn how to divide their time effectively, then they can improve their time management ability.

In summary, college students are encouraged to have a part time job because it can benefit them in many ways. 
I am disagreeing on the statement. In my opinion, to have a part-time job or not is dependent on the student's financial situation, the effectiveness in time management and the passion in learning something new. As we know, the college's fees actually are not that cheap and not all students are able to pay for it. Thus, the students will try to find the ways to earn money or income in covering their study fees, living expenses and so on. Instead of asked money from parents or applied the scholarships, the easy way is finding the part time job for students to experience the real-time working environment and have some extra income. However, it is not necessary for a college student to have the part-time job if he or she is able to cover the expenses. This is because the main role of a student is to learn the knowledge and the skills to help them in future job. This bring to the second issue where the students are having a good time-management or not. The poor time management will bring a lot of negative impacts for the student with part-time job such as affected the academic assessment and mental health issues. For example, if the student doesn't manage the time wisely, he can't get enough sleep as he need to attend the class during daytime and work during night with non-stop. This will affect him in gaining the knowledge in class because he feels sleepy and can't focus on class, this will bring into the bad results and may fail the subjects. Thus, I think that it is important for the college student to focus on their main duty which is study efficiently in college to ensure they have the opportunity to get what they want in the future.
 
Yes, we do agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. This is because having a part-time job can help us to enhance our capability to deal with real life problems. However, this kind of problems do not appear in the university life since the university is more focus on the academic aspect of the students. Thus, we will face with many problems when doing part-time job, and those are the problem that we need to cope with in our future career. Besides, we can also improve our soft skills such as communication skills, leadership and team working skills and etc. For instance, doing a part-time job requires us to speak to someone in the workplace, especially when we need to do a presentation of our findings to the company. According to research, people who doing part-time job will have a better academic results compared to other college students. The reason for this is because they have given the opportunity to apply their knowledge and discover their passion in the workplace. Therefore, they can score higher grade and have a better understanding on the topics they had learned. On the other hand, doing a part-time job will lead to lack of time to study the university courses. There is no doubt that we will feel overwhelmed under the pressure especially when the due date for both workload and assignments are the same. However, we can assume that this is the time for us to learn on how to manage our time properly. Herein, the time management skills will be well developed when we doing a part-time job. Taking all into account, we can conclude that doing a part-time job has brought us many advantages in our life. 
 Nowadays, the economy in our country is deteriorating. This has caused an increase in the
price of goods. As such, it has caused many people to experience difficulty in surviving, especially
among college students. The question is, is it important for college students to have a part-time job?
In my opinion I agree that it is very important for a college student to have a part-time job to make
ends meet. Part-time workers are workers who work on a contract with an employer. This is also
because there are many factors that make many college students have part-time workers.
Among the factors that cause many college students to have part-time workers is financial
problems. This is because college students need a lot of money to buy daily necessities and
homework items whose prices are increasing. PTPTN loan money borrowed by college students is
also not enough. This is because the money is used to pay tuition fees and books used to study.
Therefore, it is natural for college students to have part-time employees.
Next, among the factors of college students having part-time employees is to gain
experience. This is because many jobs require experience and skills. For example, doctors,
accountants, marketing officers and so on. Therefore, college students have part-time workers to
gain experience and indirectly gain knowledge about the work they are engaged in.
Last but not least is to fill free time. There are college students who have part-time
employees because they want to fill their free time during the semester break. This is due to too
much time not being filled with useful things. By having a part-time employee, it can increase
income and also experience.
In conclusion, it is important for college students to have a part-time job to get more
income, experience and to be able to fill their free time. 
 I think I will say I disagree with the statement saying that college student to have a part- time job. I not agree with that idea is because I think the real job of a student is just to study and not making something like doing a job. Doing a job can make the students are not fully focus on their study. Being a college student is more tired like they need to completed the assignment and they also have a college program like marathon that they need to join. For me if they are become college student, they just need to enjoy to make a lot of memory being a student when they are still having this opportunity at young age. 
If you want to have a job just wait until you are graduate and after that you can working until you die and nonstop job. Being a student is different when you working.
 If you are studying and working at same time, it can possible you can burnout and stress. You will be having unhappy life and depress your selves. If student is working, they also can affect the sleeping hours of they are sleep. A part time job are usually at late night and offering a high salary that the student apply that job. 
 The most important thing for college students especially who are come from B40 family is
they must have a part time job. Part-time job is very important for them because with the part time
salary that they got; it can help them to cover their expenses during their study. Even though PTPTN
cover their study fee, however the money is not enough for students to cover their expenses in 1
semester which is 6 months.
Secondly, part-time job can teach student how to manage time wisely. Being a student must
good in time management skills. For example, student has a lot of assignment to complete, task and
test within one week. If they do a part-time job, they know that they are busy with the task and the
part-time job. What they need to do first and what they need to do later. As a result, they will manage
their time wisely with discover their own schedule. This action can help them to stop procrastination.
Next, a part-time job is important because it can help student to gain work experience and
deal with various type of consumer behavior. For example, most of students is more likely doing a
part-time job in restaurant and in this case, they need to deal with a lot of people. This experience
can help them work in the future to deal with their customers and clients. Moreover, employer now is
more likely to hire workers who has a lot of work experience instead of has no work experience.
In a nutshell, being a student is not easy as people think. Student need to survive during their
study. If they had problem with the financial problem, they refuse to tell their parents because it can
increase burden of their parents. So, with doing a part-time job, it can help student to survive on their
own during their study. 
  Part time job is when people do some extra work while they already have a work or they have something to do. For example, student who is still have their work to do which study, one of them do pert time job to survive. So, its it important for college student to have part time job? Yes, students need a part time job because first, college student can make extra money pocket, second to have experience during working and lastly, student will be more independent person. 
        As we all know that college student uses more money at universities. When weekend or night they can do part time job. Example, student can work in a restaurant near a rental house or university, work in university and do easy job such as sell something such as product and food. So from that, part time job can give a college student make an extra money pocket to help them survive during student like do buy food or to paid for book and many more.
        Secondly, student can have experience during do a part time job. From do a job, all person learn a something important which lean how to deal with customers, how to make food when work at restaurant and they will now how to deal with any difficult situation. for student who work as cashier, they will learn how to use a cashier machines and to calculate a balance money. Apart that, all the company nowadays will ask their experience in any job compared to learning ability. 
Lastly, student will be more independent person while do part time job. While working their do all work along and get use in difficult situation. Conclusion, there are many benefits college student gets from do a part time job during studies. 
 
      Yes, I agreed. Experience can make someone more independence when they are normalizing in new life. In the university life, many things that students should explore before going into the next life. Many advantages that students will gain if they do the part-time job but there are some parts that they should concern before they decide to do the part-time job. 
      Firstly, the advantages that students will gain from part-time job are experience and skills. Students learn how to be communicated with the people when they are in university and they can develop it into their part-time job. Nowadays, there are many types of job that students can do the part time job such as online business that do not require the high cost but only require the interest and skills.  From that, they can improve their skills and can gain more knowledge and experience.  Value of experience more expensive than education level . Some employer very concern of employee's experience before hire the employees, but it is not denied that education is important to teach students to gain knowledge and explore their skills. 
     Secondly, students will be more independent when they know how to earn the income for their living. Some students do the part-time job not because of they do not have enough money to pursue the studies, but they want to have the experience and feel the struggle to earn the income. In addition, students can create new relationship with others while exploring the new life. 
     In conclusion, part-time can create someone's value if they know to manage their time. Not all students are able to committed in two responsibilities as students and workers. Students should able to use their skills and knowledge for their future for the bright life. 
In my opinion, I do not agree with the statement which is  It is important for college students to have a part-time job . It is because students will have a distraction on their study. They will get a busy routine in their daily life. Sometimes some of them will not attend the class. For an example, work as a waiter in a restaurant at night which 7 pm until 1 am and go back home at 2 am. It is very tiring and delivers them to skip the class which should be attended in the morning. The student will miss the lecture and get an unsatisfied result for the examination. Moreover, some of them also forgot to complete the assignments given by lecturers. It is because they did not aware of the task because they have two priorities in their life. On the other sight, some students need to do a part-time job to pay the fee for the college. They might come from poor families and they need to find money on their own. But it is not a reason for them to work hard for a part-time job because there is another solution for them to find the money. They can apply for any scholarship that is available out there or even applies for PTPTN and pay them back when they already working after finishing their studies. In a nutshell, it is not important for college students to have a part-time job because it will give bad impact on them in their life as a student.
 I agree because from the part time job, they can gain more new experiences. Nowadays, many
companies are looking for the employees especially fresh graduated with many of work experiences.
The college students that have part time job is easy to can get the job after graduated. It is because
they have a lot of work experiences like can give full commitment with studies and work and can
manage their times systematically. Most of them are more discipline either with the work time or
the task given. For employers, hired employees that have experienced is a one advantage for them
because they didn't need to teach the basic things that needed during work. In simple word, college
students that have part time job is an advanced for their future to find the job after graduated.
Besides, the college students are important to have part time job because it can help to reduce the
family's burden. It is more meaningful to the parents with low incomes and need to support all
studies things and other siblings. So, with part time job, at least the students can fulfil their daily
needs like pay their lunch and dinner using the salaries. For the better, the college students can give
the amounts of the salaries to their parents to support the family's income. With this, the family also
no need to worry about their children's money because they know that their children can afford for
it by themselves. I can conclude that having part time job for the college students can give many
advantages. 
 Students are coping with challenges with their academic performance and financial burden in regard to specific university enrolment. Part-time employment is therefore a wise decision to prevent these problems from occurring. Personally, I think that college students benefited much from having part-time jobs.

First and foremost, a part-time job could aid students in covering their living expenses. This is because, on occasion, loans or scholarships like MARA or PTPTN are insufficient to cover a person's essential necessities. Just enough for each of these to cover their expenses.  Usually, when a new semester begins, the loan automatically reduces a costly fee for that specific semester. The students will be given the little balance to cover living expenses till the end of the semester. Therefore, the money earned from a part-time employment will aid students with their everyday expenses.

Next, working part-time will improve their communication abilities, particularly when dealing with consumers. My experience shows that doing a part-time job greatly assisted me in transitioning from an introverted to an outgoing personality. Students will develop their interpersonal skills by conversing with various consumers every day. Students that possess these qualities will also have mature life experience.

Another thing to consider is that a part-time job can definitely occupy students' free time with something productive. Students can have the possibility to meet new acquaintances from other professions by working a part-time job anywhere. This can help students think more critically and develop into wonderful friends. It may indirectly lessen the number of young people involved in juvenile criminality.

Based on these crucial factors, it is blatantly evident that a part-time work provides students with more positive outcomes than negative ones. Because it provided valuable experience prior to engaging in real-world work, students must seize this opportunity.
 
  A part-time job means working during free time. For university students, a part-time job means they need to work besides study time. There is always a fight about whether college students should have or should not have a part-time job. In my opinion, college students should have a part-time job. 
 The first reason I support university students having a part-time job is to gain experience. The experience gained part-time will greatly help their future career life. The knowledge that study in school needs practice to familiarize students with it. By working as a part-timer, university students have a chance to gain this experience before they start their careers. 
 Besides that, working as a part-timer can help university students earn some pocket money. As we know, now living cost is increase day by day but there are just few ways for university students to get money. For example, get pocket money from parents but not every parents able to afford their children living cost and study cost. Working as a part-timer can solve this problem as well. University students able to use the money they earn from part-time job to pay their study cost and living. 
 In conclusion, I fully support university students have a part-time job. 
 
 It is undoubtedly true for current students to have a part-time job to support their financial spendings. Majority of students have their own struggles to survive even though they have some educational loan provided by the government. However, due to the inflation that is rising up in most of the countries in the world, most of the students are facing financial constraint in managing their expenses to buy some stuff for academic purposes or even bills to pay monthly. 

I strongly agree for students to have part-time jobs. Obviously, they can reduce their financial constraints to spend their money on their commitments and have some emergency saving. Certain students own a vehicle either a car or a motorcycle. Fuelling up the gas could be a burden for a student to face as they surely need a vehicle to travel to work and go to class. Students should also prepare some amount of money for emergency purposes. As an example, the student might fall sick and require money to buy some medicine or pay the clinic bills. The medication bill is quite expensive but it is necessary for the student during an emergency case.
 
Lastly, doing a part-time job during studies can improve their soft-skills. They tend to meet different kinds of people everyday and it makes them improve their communication skills for them to use in the future. Moreover, they can improve their resume validity as they have gained some experiences in working during their studies. Therefore, it will make them extra beneficial to be hired in a great company due to their working experiences. 
