 As a university student, I do agree with the statement,  it is important for college students to have a part-time job.  Personally, I think that college students are the most suitable to have a part-time job because we are at the age of being willing to learn something enthusiastically and to earn money with our own effort. Thus, I think doing a part-time job is some kind of investing for our future. 
First of all, doing a part-time job can give us a lot of knowledge and experiences since we can get an opportunity to do things in a practical way. Secondly, we can improve our communication skills since we enter a new society and meet with new people. In a new society with new people, we can also learn some lessons by encountering the things we have never experienced before. From these lessons and experiences, our attitude and thoughts can become much more mature. Moreover, we can feel pleasure from earning money which are based on our own effort. Even if the money we earn is not much, that pleasure is so precious that nothing can replace. If the money we earn is quite a lot, it can give us an opportunity to become financially independent, without relying on our family anymore. Especially for students who have financial problems, it is very important to earn money for their tuition fees and personal expenses by doing a part-time job. Last but not least, work history from a part-time job can help us to include as an experience in our resume for future job.
For above reasons, I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. But one thing to be aware is that we should keep a balance between our academic studies and a part-time job.  
  
         First  of all, I have to introduce myself. I'm a student from Microbiology major first year second semester  at the University of Yangon.I want to talk about the topic  It is important for college students to have a part-time job  .                        
                                         I'm not sure where to start talking about this.In my opinion, students should have part -time job.Beacuse part-time job can adjust to the University's class schedule.From part-time job, students can  get experience  to enter the workplace  after school .Let's talk about the main points  we will rely ourselves,will help parents,will get experience , will get brave and will confidence on ourselves.Part-time jobs help a lot in the educational process for students.Even though working while studying is tiring, it is also a great honor.In another countries, most students study at university while working part-time jobs.Working part-time job while studying at the University  is good practice.Every time we look back at the past, we will be proud for we relied on ourselves.we should get more experience at a young age.

              For a university student, having a part-time job provides a lot of support.Students will better understand the value of money.At first, it's tiring, but later it will fine.So I think students should have a part-time job. 
 Youths would like to earn money while attending their university courses. Lack of job opportunities in everywhere
makes our youths hopeless. By doing part time jobs, they can achieve many experience from learning their  
mistakes. When they are working partime, they no longer have to worry about being able to afford the basic essential
and they can buy everything they need by saving their incomes. They can also  build their professional network
and  after they graduate,when there are vacancies relating to their field, they can join easily. In some companies, 
they do not get a job not because they are weak in educational skills but because they do not have any work
experience in which the companies are asking for. With a good looking resume, it would not be that hard to get a job. 
However, in a different point of view, taking part in  part time jobs will give them pressure which are hard to handle. 
Moreover, they will not have enough time to study their lessons at home. As for me, with the experience of working in food 
production industry for nearly two years, I have learned that having a job is a power which makes myself confident among 
any other teenagers.  In conclusion,I agree that our community should give a chance for youths to do part time jobs   
when they are attending their university courses. 
 In my personal point of view, it's important for college or university students to have part-time jobs. There are a lot of part-time jobs that university students can do, like babysitting, tutoring, writing, etc. For me, since I'm specialization major in university is English Literature, I prefer to work as a teacher or a tutor than other jobs. 

There are a lot of reasons why students want to work part time. And most of the time, it is because they want extra pocket money and experience. Being a student or a minor, we don't get a lot of money from our parents. And by working, we don't have to fully rely on our parents or our savings to be able to afford our essential needs or wants. Also, for the students that are shy or don't have a lot of confidence in communicating with strangers or people in general, working some part-time jobs can help them. And as they gain more confidence, they'll be more comfortable and confident within themselves. 

Lastly, working part-time jobs can help to improve our managing skills. It doesn't matter whether it is people or money or time. Since we are university students, we have to attend classes too. So we would have to balance working and studying equally and this can help enhance our skills. To conclude, I agree with the fact that university students should work part-time jobs, since it can provide us with the skills that we would need throughout our lives. 
 College students need to have a part-time job. We need to have work experiences when we find the job. By working part-time jobs, we can get work experiences. Besides, we can improve social skill because we deal with colleagues, customers, clients and so on. So, we can get many friends. The cost of a college student is expensive.  We can find the fee for college ourselves if we have a part-time job. So, it is helping our parents. Moreover, we can get better financial management skill as we make money ourselves and we know how tired to make money and the value of money. Another advantage of part-time job is that we can improve time management skill. Because we have to balance study time and work time. There are many part-time jobs in other countries such as Korea, Japan, America. On the other hand, there is no many part-time jobs in our country, Myanmar. The only part-time job in our country is teaching the languages that you are proficient. The demand for learning other languages such as korean, japanese in recent years. I want part-time jobs to be increased in other fields in Myanmar. Working part-time job while we are a college student can make me exhausted. But we can get a lot of advantages for our future.
I strongly agree with that fact as I am a college student who needs to get extra money for outfits, snacks and hanging out with friends. Even though I am still in my country where I can use money as much as I want to and can get pocket money every week from my family, I still need part time job to buy  extra fancy things like belt, fake nails, socks, boots, and something like that. And I also want to use much amount of money when I hang out or go luxury restaurants or cafes to take nice and attractive photographs which is a very famous trend among youths. I am very sorry receiving money besides pocket money from my family at this age. That will be a good opportunity and chance if we can get part time job in my country. If so, I won't need any extra money from my family and I can improve my working skills with that experience. On the other hand, if I study abroad, I do need more money since colleges' tuition fees are kinda expensive for international students. Therefore, we all will to get part time job to get sufficient amount of money for living costs. If not, I can't  continue to learn there as I am not that rich. These are the reasons why I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. 
 I agree with the fact that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. When we are in college, we cost a lot on textbooks, food, transportation, clothes, etc. It can cost more for a person who attends college from another town. Doing a part-time job can have the benefit. You can get your own income, so, you don't need to depend on your parents for pocket money.
And you can also buy the things that you want to buy. Doing a part-time job is a chance to explore new things. We can learn new experiences and lessons about work. And we can be aware of what are we interested in? or what are we great at. And we can also say that I am not unemployed. But there has also a disadvantage to doing a part-time job as a student. We can have less time for studying and we can't study well because we are exhausted. However, if we choose the correct time to work and balance our time on school and work, we can get a lot of benefits. Above  reasons, I agree with the fact that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. 
     When people can't afford to spend the entire day working and still want to earn money, they choose to work part-time jobs. Part-time jobs are popular among college students who have to attend classes. However, like any other job, part-time jobs have their downsides. So, do part-time jobs advantage or disadvantage college students more?
    The first reason why college students work part-time jobs is for pocket money. It is understandable that at that age they would like some spare money. Secondly, they can meet new people and make connections in various fields, which helps improve their communication skills. Thirdly, part-time jobs provide valuable experiences. While working, students can discover hidden qualities such as leadership skills and learn how to handle situations calmly. Finally, working a part-time job boosts confidence. If you acknowledge the fact that you are indeed good at your work, it can help your character growth. Furthermore, having a part-time job experience can be beneficial when applying for a full-time job.
   From the facts mentioned above, it does seem like part-time jobs don't have any downsides to them. However, that's not true. Firstly, as students make new friends at their part-time jobs, they may also lose touch with their college friends because they have no time to hang out. Secondly, work stress can affect their study time. Lastly, they may lose out on their youth by working and constantly worrying about money.
    The downsides may sound terrible, but in my perspective, if you can balance everything, there will be no problem. The experiences gained from working a part-time job are valuable. In my opinion, part-time jobs benefit college students more, and it is important for them to have one. Do you agree with my opinion? 
 The national treasure of a country is certainly  The Students . Among them, the most mature and the most important lineage is college students. Because college students have chosen the major they interested in and they are now learning and being taught not only about the materials and knowledge for their career but also about how the society and communication work so that they can fit in the community and have enjoyable life with better job opportunities.
I strongly agree with the fact that it is important to have part-time jobs for college students. Firstly, the process of learning is not fulfilled with just the will to learn. It also requires money to study whether in one's own land or going abroad. Students from countries that do not have the part-time job system are obligated to depend on their parents for the school or university fees. This limits their social experience and potentials. Secondly, experience and life lessons can only be found when the students have interaction with people in daily life, in reality. They will come to know how to handle the situations, deals with annoying customers, doing statistic and form a healthy community with coworkers. Thirdly, they will recognize the important of self-discipline and management of time and finance. 
The differences between the two students, the one who has been exposed to the outside world and the child who is satisfied with the amount of pocket money he has in his hands, is infinite. In accord with all the things that I have mentioned above, I insist that the sole fundamental reason why graduated university students could not even find a decent job and live a stable life in some countries is because they do not have the system of part-time job for youngsters like college students.
 
 
Personally, I am not agree with that. As we all know that, the college students' struggle for the whole day is almost doing a work and is also so tired. If he or she have a part-time job, we may be not fully focus on the lecture or may be get tired and then sick. Running a work or working under a employer is not easy practically. He or she may be stressful whenever he or she fail a task or is repremaned by the employer or not get on well with other colleagues. If he or she get a degree, he or she have a opportunality to get a well-paid job. If he or she fails the exam just because of having focus on part-time job, he may keep dissapointed with the matter and forgo it. My neighbour typify that matter. He was an outstanding student and achieved no.1 in every class and educational competition. However, in his college time, his familywas in a tight tip and so he was determined to have a part-time job. It was not so evident in the first year, which is commonly least learning period. But, subsequently, he found it difficult to balance the things he hold on. Finally, he left the college and run his family not very well and difficultly. 
 ﻿During college life , students may not only pursue higher education but also encounter real world challenges.While most of the students' primary aim is to focus on the academic studies,I think engaging in part-time jobs can offer vital skills such as practical experience,communication skills and foster independence.These particular skills can be the infrastructure of building successful students in their future careers.
There are various number of reasons for why college students should engage in part-time jobs.First of all, part-time job may enhance the essential skills that students should have beyond classroom ,for experienced,teamwork,time management,problem solving skills and communication abilities.From these skills,students may know how to prioritize the work before deadlines and how to interact with people around them .
Secondly,students who are engaged in part-time jobs have practical experience while they can learn theoretical experience at college. And part-time job can also offer exposure to the real world scenes.
Thirdly,part-time jobs offer ability to handle with financial problems.Students who earn their own money know the value of money so they save more and spend less.They gain the life skill that prepares them for financial challenges they may encounter in the future.
Moreover, students who are engaged with part-time jobs have the employability as employers look for those who have practical experience and strong work ethic. College students with par-time job are able to multitask, adapt to new environments,and effectively manage responsibilities.
To conclude, although college students should focus on their academic studies, engaging in part-time jobs can benefits their personal and professional development. 
                   Students are youths going to be adults in a matter of time. They shouldn't focus only on studying while depending on their parents. If they consider having a brighter future, Undergraduates need to be in touch with part-time jobs as a training period before they jump into full-time ones. Therefore, I firmly agree with this statement for the following reasons.
           A part-time job can give many benefits to students rather than workloads. Having Personal growth, financial independence, and self-confidence are included as one of the benefits. It is a golden opportunity to upgrade their essential skills outside the classroom. To use and compare theoretical knowledge in real life,  a student should have a job to get practical lessons rather than learning by heart. Some skills a student may gain are the value of time management, adaptability, responsibility, etc. 
           Advanced skills are the game changers in entering the professional world. How can a job provide a student with a better life? This question puts people in a confusional state. These days, we can't deny the fact that the cost of education is thriving. In the long run, it may also affect their academic progress.  To get out of the financial burdens, getting a part-time job is the answer to the question mentioned above. As it helps alleviate this burden by providing a steady income, reducing reliance on loans and parents, and gaining a sense of financial responsibility. From the occupations, students will get experiences. These experiences send them a sense of achievement and prepare tasks that college students will face.
           In conclusion, the significance of part-time jobs for college students cannot be overstated. Having a part-time job becomes the fundamental rule for every college student. Engagement in part-time employment will build a prosperous future ahead.

             
 In my opinion,college students in their 20s should have their own income.Since kindergarten,parents cost a lot on their children with school fee,clothes,foods,etc. If parents only support their children until high school, I think they have done their obligation.
      The age of college students are not very young and they become adulthood.So,they should not depend on their parents anymore and should make their own income by doing part time job.
      The reason to have a part time job for many students is to make some money.By working,they do not need to worry about finance too much and they can pay for school fee,rent,stationery or other stuffs by their own salary.
      Having a part time job gives not only money but also social skills.When we are working,we have to communicate with customers and be patient with them.We also work with on a team and staffs so we may have opportunities to meet new colleagues,mentors and even lifelong friends.It also gives good effect on our career after we graduate from college.
    So,college students having a part time job benefits in many ways according to these facts.That's why I agree with the statement  It is important for college students to have a part time job . 
 Having a part-time job is necessary for college students, especially those who have financial concerns or those who move away for their college.
Firstly , they don't need to fully rely on their parents for their pocket-money. Some families of the college students are financially unstable so they cannot fully support to their expenses during their academic years. Having a part-time job in their free time can solve part of this problem.
As well as that, they can gain early job experience before graduation. Some part-time jobs are like a training on upcoming jobs related to that field. This will make them easier to work when they land on full job after graduation.
Lastly, they can develop other important skills while studying for the college at the same time. Having a part-time job at the same time while being a college student isn't always so easy. There may be a lot difficulties and challenges they will have to face as well as that having to manage their time efficiently. This can lead to gaining an important skill for the upcoming job life, which is the time-management skill.
Having a part-time job is like an introduction to life, that teaches what it is like to be a responsible adult. Unfortunately, there are only few part-time jobs available for the college students in our country.
That is why I agree with the statement  It is important for college students to have a part-time job .
 
                   I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. In my opinion, people should start to learn what a workplace is like and how to manage their time and money in their teenage years. Having a part-time job is a way to do so. In this essay, I will be stating why it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
   	Firstly, if you have a part-time job, you will make some extra money to live off apart from the allowance given by your parents. Attending college is very expensive: you have to pay textbooks fees, transportation fees, dormitory fees if you live away from your college and so on. As a college student, I can surely say that it is hard to cover all the expenses only with the monthly allowance. But with the wage from a part-time job, you will be able to cover all expenses and may even be left with some extra perks. Secondly, we will have a chance to step into the real world. Most Burmese teenagers are very dependent on their family. But once you get a part-time job, no matter what kind of job it is, you will have to interact with people from different backgrounds and will have a chance to learn from them. 
       	Moreover, it is not easy to get a part-time job in Myanmar unless you live in an economically developed city like Yangon. However, there are plenty of part-time jobs opportunities online and it is not difficult for you to land a decent one if you choose wisely. To sum up, doing part-time jobs is a way to enhance your interpersonal skills and get some allowance. Therefore, I think college students should really consider having a part-time job. 
 Being a university student, I think that it is important to get good grades at any level of education since the world goes good grades, good jobs and good salaries. On the other hand, we shouldn't load up our parents when we are at the age of being able to stand on our own. So, in my opinion, a student should have a part-time job to pay the bill.
By working a part-time job, it increases our working experiences, improves our communication skills and takes one more step to the reality. We can boost our confident at such work as we repeat the progress day by day. Moreover, we should train ourselves to take responsibility at least for ourselves when life is like a survival show. Good grades to make our parents proud of, good jobs to make good impression of society and good salaries to pay back our parents' gratitude. 
Of course, multi-tasking is not an easy job. We have to split time and energy evenly and we also need to consider all the possibilities that can urgently be happened out of blue. It can be exhausted and tiring process but nothing comes easy. We have to take time to get used to it. 
As an Asian, helping our parents is one of the basic manners that we were taught since birth. We should be in our own care even if we couldn't be able to support our parents with our own income. What kind of role we are taking in our life when a grown up human can't afford to pay up his living expenses. It is a shame not only to our parents but also to the society that we are living. I hope that everyone can balance their career and their life equally in this adventurous wonderful life. 
 Having a part-time job for college students helps out to produce efficient and competent workers in the future. Besides, it can promote productivity in their daily life and ensures to value the time and money in their life. That is why, it is necessarily important for college students to have a part-time job in our country.
Surely, it can have them a new perspective on life-- they can seek more opportunities and they can gain more confidence as well as experiences through part-time job. Needless to say, this will carry them to an easier path when it comes to full-time job in the near future.
Comparing to other countries, our Myanmar country , significantly, cannot provide enough part-time jobs for college students. Understandably, it can have more jobless people in our country. Because of having a part-time job, no college students need to concern about their college fees, tuition fees, bus fare, and so on. This can be a relief for parents who try to make ends meet at the end of the day.
There are several reasons to point out the pros of having a part-time job. I, personally , think that this should be considered as an inspiration to produce the skillful adults in our community. 
Being an adult can make you cost more because you have to buy something that you need and want. If you are a boy or girl, whatever, you have to buy clothes, technological devices, cosmetics and something what you want to eat. In order to solve this problems, we, college students must have a part-time job. The older you become, the more difficult to ask for some money from your parents or elders. According to my personal feelings, I become timid and feel guilty whenever I ask for money from my mother. Additionally, having a part-time job for teenagers not only make you earn money but also expand your community and develop your personal skills. It doesn't make sense that as we get older, we cannot depend or rely on our parents for the whole life instead of believing yourself and becoming independent. Let's compare to the person who makes money on their own way and the one who is still asking for money. The former one will realize how tough and hard to earn money and also will know how to approach strangers. Moreover, if we do something or working, our mind will not spread through the universe, will focus on our own business and obey to our seniors. In this way, we may become obedient, patient, punctual and organizing person. According to not only about the previous facts but also other many benefits, it is important to have a part-time job for college students. 
For typical middle and upper-class Burmese parents, this topic is not something they would debate or discuss about. Most of them prefer not to see their college-student children work part-time jobs. Not because they don't want to see their children earning money or being independent, but only because they want them to fully concentrate on their education. Of course, their intentions are pure solely because they want the best for their kids but I think it is very important for college students to have a part-time job.
Speaking from the experiences of a spoilt kid myself who has never worked a single part-time job, I'm sure to admit that we lack many qualities that other students who have a part-time job have. Such qualities include having better communicative skills when associating with people, better time management, work ethic and etc. since they have to interact with different people. And it develops their skills to adapt the work struggles and the environment.
Those who have part-time jobs, moreover, learned how to value their money, for example; How to wisely use them, how to save them and how to not waste them on unnecessary things. It also says a lot when it comes to earning our own expenses, especially for those who attend college staying in a hostel because they pay for themselves while we have to ask our parents for financial assistance. Overall, they tend to know how to balance their student life and employer life, which is an essential quality needed throughout one's life.
Therefore, part-time jobs give college students, through their experiences, the opportunity to explore who they are and what they want to do with their life, which leads them to an affirming life.
 I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part time job only for Myanmar students but in other countries, a part time job is very important for college students who study in foreign or who work as a teenager for their family. A part time job can't be possible to work as a college student in Myanmar because our country is so bad at economic situation. So, the best way for the students who want to work as a part time job is that typing writer and study guide etc. In my opinion, the college students in Myanmar need to study indeed the respective subjects and fields to reach the end of their goals deals with education instead of finding a part time job.  Nowaday, many children and teenagers are losing their ambitions, goals and attitudes because of our country's poverty. Not only for students but also for the people in Myanmar 
In fact, no money is the main reason why the college students to have a part time job because of they needed deals with their stationaries and accessories but that is not the right way for them in our country. Myanmar students are truly need to have many knowledges about their subjects and future jobs and also need to be sure what they want to be in their life. I hope our country's economic plans will be fine not only for the people but also for the country's education. If the education in our country is gradually great, the college students in Myanmar will get the chances to study together with the students in other countries. And also as a college student to work a part time job in Myanmar or other countries. So, I disagree to have a part time job for college students cause of above my reasons.  
I agree with that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. As a college student, I want some challenges like doing part-time job before being a permanent employer. I really want to experience like this. Another is that we can earn extra money by doing part-time job. As for me, I am 22 years old and I don't want to ask for pocket money form my family and I want to do something that I can get money in a good way. I assume that if I got part-time jobs, I do not have to feel sorry for asking money from my parents. I feel guilty to asking for pocket money. I just want to find my own many and to spend it without hesitation. Moreover, if I have one or more part time jobs, I will have work experiences and will know how to communicate with people more. Once my mother told me that I will not appreciate money and will not know how difficult finding money is. So, I'm so sure that I will not spend my own money on unnecessary things if I got my money from doing a part-time job. In my opinion, doing part-time job is a big chance for the ones who cannot afford to attend colleges or universities or courses. Thus, I totally agree with the idea that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
 I agree with the statement  It is important for college students to have a part-time job  because we can get a lot of benefits from doing a part-time job. As I am a university student who is also working a part-time job, I will write down the reasons why I agree with this statement from my point of view.
First of all, doing part-time jobs gives us the chances to interact with the real world outside the classroom so that we can notice how is life, how are people struggling or living through their lives. When comparing the college students with or without part-time jobs, in my opinion, we will notice that the college students having part-time jobs may be more mature than the others with no part-time jobs.  Secondly, we can get experience from our working environment, we can learn things from our colleagues or superiors. The key thing is that we cannot get this experience from the classroom. Thirdly, we can come to know more about ourselves while doing part-time jobs. That is, what we like to do and what we don't like to do, what things we are good at or what kind of work is the perfect match for us. We can find out more about ourselves like what talents we have got or in what areas we still need to improve. Fourthly, we will improve our time management skill as we have to manage our time properly for studying and working. Last but not least, the best thing is that we can earn money from our part-time jobs.
Of course, we will feel tired not only from studying but also from working. However, I think it worths as the pros we get are more than the cons.
 
 Nowadays,Other country's people work a part time job are wide But Myanmar can't wide and we can't get a lot of money. So,Myanmar parents don't allowed for part-time job. At first,I want to talk advantages pf part time job . It can get own money.We can buy everything we want our own money.We can buy a book for school.We can freedoms for everytime. We collect our own money for future.We can survive our parents ,younger sister and brother for studying.Another advantage of having a part time job is that students can acquire more experiences and polish their skills. For example, if someone enjoys teaching, working part-time as a tutor may help him or her improve their teaching skills and gain experiences. Many schools require student teaching experience as a part of the curriculum.Second is the disadvantages of Part time -job because we have our own pipes, I can do what I want to do and ruin it. We can't give our study time. We can tired between work and study.We haven't relax time. As a result, they get exhausted, and may even skip classes to take a nap after a long day of hard work. Moreover, they may experience stress due to a difficult or time-consuming project. Also, it can endanger their health mentally and physically. Physically, if a person puts too much pressure on his body. So,I don't agree to work the college student for part-time job.

 
 Yes,I agree with this topic. 
Here are some advantages of doing a part-time job. 
Students who are engaging in part-time jobs can gain experiences in their respective fields of work and it will boost their abilities more than now. This is important when we come to job hunting after the completion of studies. 
Having part-time jobs can improve students in time management skill in the sense that they will cherish every time they get and use it well. 
In our country , most parents have complained that their children who are students use the money on useless things and do not absolutely know the value of money. However , students who take part-time jobs while in their student life will understand the value of money and hence using it well in future. Moreover, if you take a part in part-time jobs, you will have your own income and you can use it on everything and anytime you want with no excuse. 
Last but not least is the improvement in communication skill since they have to communicate with different types of people at the work place and they will become a person who can control their emotions. From this discussion , the benefits that a student gets by engaging in part-time jobs are endless. 
Before we talk about how is it important or not to have a part time job for college student, we must admit that almost all the parents from Southeast Asian countries don't like or allow their child to work during their college life for many reasons. It is very uncommon to work while also doing your studies especially in our country, Myanmar. However, I, personally, think that every student should work along with their studies. Honestly, I even want to suggest to take a gap year after graduating high school. That way,  you can actually learn what fields of studies you interested and what skills are actually essential to survive in the real world. Getting good grades doesn't mean you rule in life. One more thing is that the thought, the view and the perspective to the world change once you actually been in a real-life work place. I, myself, didn't have a chance to work in my early years of college life. I spent my time going out with my friends, and when I have to study, I just learnt them by head. But, I got a chance to experience what the real world is like when I worked as a digital marketing account executive during my years. I feel like I wasted my years and what I learn in school didn't prepare me for this. Now that I continue my studies while also working  freelance, I can feel that not only my academic skills grow but also my personal growth is also  improving. With that harmonious growth, I feel like that I finally have a clue about what coming. Studying becomes more  relatable and enjoyable. That 's I fully agree with the supposition that it is important for college students to have a part time job.
I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job as the college fees and food that we eat are so expensive these days. And we can't rely on our parents for every single thing. We can have working experiences when we apply for jobs at companies. When we apply for scholarships, these working experiences can help us as some scholarships ask us if we have any experience or not. We can not only make friends but also improve our social skills. We can attend language courses with our own salary. We all have places to spend like college books, food, necessities, hostel fees and others. We can also save our money for buying things that we want or need. For me, I like collecting plushy and books. So, a part-time job is perfect for us to be independent. Later, we have to earn money by ourselves. So, we should practice making money from part-time jobs and also we can have fun. Normally, we spend our time doing nothing so why not do a part-time job. If you want to give money to your parents back because they have been spending all their money just for you, you can give them back with your own salary. You can learn many experiences based on what kind of job. And that is why I think it is important to have a part-time job.
 I used to think that part-time jobs are not necessary for teenagers because my mother told me that you do not need a job while you were studying. She used to say that you could ask money when you needed. However, as a university student, I found out a fun fact that mom could also be wrong. From my own experiences, I absolutely know that having a part-time job is necessary for college students.
There are several advantages for having a part-time job as a university student. Firstly, money that we earned from part-time job can help to solve our financial problems. I am sure that you know very well how much expenses university students, especially for who live in dormitory, have. Part-time jobs can reduce the amount of money that we ask from our family or we can also buy some things on our own with that money. 
Then, it can also help us to improve our time management skills, which are vital in our future career, because you need to balance time between work and classes. Thirdly, we can also get work experiences which are the favourite things of CEOs in Myanmar. At last, but not the least, we can also get connections fortunately if we get friends who are seniors in our fields. We can even get some job opportunities from them. However, I think we should choose one which is flexible for our colleges or universities.
I think I have mentioned some strong points for my opinion and I hope that you get it. According to the benefits that I have mentioned, I firmly say that it is very important to have part-time jobs as a college student. 
 
      I agree with the statement that college students should have a part-time job. College students are around and over 20 years old which can be regarded as the age to be able to stand on oneself.
     First of all, having a part-time job is very fruitful in a way that we can develop skills and also gain new experience. This includes social and communicative skills, life skills and also help to manage time properly. It can also enhance teamwork and management skills. Not only this, it can also open up future careers and potential work opportunities. There is no doubt that students who have a part-time job is always superior than that of normal students either in society or college. Secondly, a college student's expanse is a lot more than that of an elementary or high school student. So, having a part-time job and being able to earn on oneself make one financial independent and reduce burden for the family. Since we can make extra pocket money, we can either save it or spend on whatever we like. Moreover, when we can earn on our own, we will become more confident ad self-content. 
     In short, there may be different views on doing a part-time job. But, personally  I always admire and appreciate peers who work and earn themsleves. However, a reminder is that we should be careful when finding a part-time jobs as scammers are everywhere and we should be aware not to fall into their hands. 
   I do agree with this statement as I'm the student who's with a part time job. It's exhausting and stressful sometimes but I felt like I can bring my own income and Expenses without asking pocket money from my parents. It's great to be a Guide. Along with some stressful situations; it's somehow fun to do. And also we can buy snacks and making some activities with the budgets we got from our part-time job isnt it? I just feel alot of freedom when Im holding my own salary rather than the pocket money I got from my mother too. Its really important to have a part-time job for college students.I really agreed with this statement for sure and I also want you guys to fit this job ;It will be worth it I promise. Also Its okay to work any kind if part-time job you like. It can be teaching/Waiters or some other kinds of things you would like.Its not like relating with the hobby and it cant affect on your carrer youre doing too.For instance;if youre the student who studying under the department of law you can be a guide at your part time job Am I right?.Thats the thing I would like to say.Its okay to work while youre studying.it is exhausting but it is great and its worth it too...
 Some people believe that university students should have part-time jobs, whereas others think that it is a 
bad idea for a student to work. In my opinion, part-time job is a must for every student. Thus, I must agree with this topic. This essay will analyze the importance of having a part-time job for a student, giving some relevant reasons and examples.

Firstly, part-time jobs allow students to learn interpersonal skills such as communication, problem solving, and active listening. This is because one needs to practice these skills no matter which job he or she does. For example, if a student works as a shop assistant, he or she will have to interact with customers both verbally and nonverbally, handle the customers' complaints, and listen to customers' inquiries attentively.

Secondly, part-time jobs give students chances to learn about people and life. There is no job in which a person does not need to deal with people. In fact, dealing with different people from different backgrounds enables a student to witness lessons and experiences concerning with life. Additionally, part-time jobs can be a financial resource for most students. They may earn some amount of money and invest it in their further education. Consequently, they will become financially independent. As soon as they have become financially independent, they will gain self-confidence and passion in whatever they do as well. This is one of the inevitable and undoubtable advantages of having a part-time job.

To conclude, part-time jobs grant a student opportunities to learn soft skills, encounter life experiences, and be confident and enthusiastic in their life. For the reasons I have mentioned, I strongly agree with the topic. 
     For me,I'm also a university student and I think part-time job is necessary for students.There's alot of part-time jobs that university students can do, like tutoring,sale stuff in mini markets,writing,etc.I usually work in hotal as a F&B stuff in weekends.

Students want to work part-time job for many reasons.Permanent jobs takes lot of time for student and if you work permanent job,you can't go to school.That's why part-time job is very suitable for students.Even you get a little pocket money,with part-time job,you will get extra money from it.Not to think that part-time job give only give extra money,it's also gives work experience and you will know how precious the money that's make by your own effort.And you will learn about the people and life lessons.You will have lots of confidence in communication with the people you have never seen and you won't shy anymore in communication with strangers.

Part-time job can help to improve our communication skills and managing skills in college and university.And we don't need to search for work experience seriously.It doesn't matter what's kind of job it is,you will learn how to communicate with others and how to solve the problems.Sometimes you have to speak with the foreigners in your jobs. At  these time,you will get experience of speaking with foreigners.As I'm a university student and I need that kind of experience.By working part time job help me to balance between working and studying equally and it can help enhance our skills.For conclusion,I strongly agreed the fact that the university students should work part-time jobs that can provide with the skills that we would need throughout our lives. 
Most people say that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I totally agree with that. It can be said that college students are old enough to take care of themselves and to start to earn money. As they are still studying, there is no doubt that they cannot have full-time jobs. So, part-time jobs are really suitable for them. Today, it is not a strange thing for a college student to have a part-time job. Not every college student has one ,but they are quite familiar with part-time jobs. There are several reasons why part-time jobs are effective for students. First of all, the students can earn their own pocket money. Of course, salary for a part-time would not cover all their tuition fees and living costs. However, this salary will help them to some extent. Secondly, having a part-time job will help them improve their communicative skills. Since they have a job, they will have to work in an organization. They will have to talk with people with cleverness whether they like it or not. Thirdly, they will possess better problem solving skills. They will have to deal with problems at their workplace. And, they will have to think of possible solutions and try to solve them on their own. Furthermore, they will feel more confident if they have a job. They will become much more mature than before. To sum up, I would not say that college students must have part-time jobs. Nevertheless, they should have part-time jobs which can provide them many advantages, if they have the chance and ability. 
Nowadays, as the world is progressing day by day, the global living standards become higher and the needs of materialism by people's civilizations have also rise. As a result, the prices of our global materials and the basic requirements for every sort of things like phones, laptops, clothes etc. have become more expensive all over the world. Thus, there's no person in the 21th Centuries who doesn't need to find their way to find money for driving their own life as we live in a capitalistic community. Every person in the world has to rely on himself. Even the children of the ants, one of the smallest animals, drive their own lives by taking their responsibilites respectively. So why can't people be? Therefore I agree with the fact that it's important for college students to have a part-time job. But mostly, the college students are under 20, so they have little experiences in touching with the outside world. They might find it quite difficult in earning money because making money is a really uneasy thing as a student where they have very little in experiences and have no graduations at all . There might be many opportunities and job prospects for them but they have to study on the other hand as the educational stability is more important, I think. They should be more focus on their studies so they can make money freely without being anxious after they have graduated. For those, who have difficulties in financials,there are many programs for scholarships so they can apply scholar by studying regularly without doing any outside part-time jobs for financial concerns. 
 After we pass the high school graduation state , we can do a job legally because we are 18 and college students .  As a child , we got pocket money from our parents daily to buy and eat snacks at school . But when we become college students ,  there are so many things that costs much than our limits and we want to spend on many other things which are necessary or unnecessary . So we don't enough with pocket money from parents and think we have to do something to earn excess money. But we can't get a job easily because we haven't graduated yet . Only thing that a teenager student can do is a part time job. While we are doing a part time job, we can earn excess for our necessities without pressuring our parents.

Moreover , nowadays young people want to do new experiences before they get a job. In my opinion, I think gaining experiences is good for later before applying a job because most of the companies employ the  incoming newbies with experience. It can be easier to get higher salary and higher honor in company if you have already experienced something related to your industry . And also , when you apply for a scholarship to study abroad , they will ask you  Have you done volunteering in some places and experiencing some jobs outside the college or university ? . In conclusion, the facts that have been mentioned above are the important ones for college students for having a part-time job. 
 I strongly agree that It's important to have part-time jobs for college students.  Part-time jobs give many opportunities to the youths for their future as well as for the community.
  Firstly, part-time jobs teach us not to waste time and to be organise in our life. There is no doubt that time management skills will surely improve from part-time jobs as you need to balance with both coursework and your job. Most Students depend on their parents for their needs. But if you have a part-time job, your  income will earn monthly and it can help to pay your  bills. Therefore, part-time jobs will boost self-confidence and make you feel independent.
It can also to appreciate the value of money. As a college student, you must work hard and take responsibility for the job. That makes you know the value of money realizing how hard it is to earn it.  Part-time jobs can build a strong social circle in the community. It's because Students have to deal with many people in their job and that also gives courage to them to communicate  not only to colleagues but also to classmates and teachers confidently in the presentation.It is obvious that your social networking will develop from the part-time jobs.
   Nowadays, There are also students who do part-time jobs not for their income. They volunteer for non-profit organisations to strengthen their scholarship opportunities and also to develop the community as much as they can. To sum up, part-time jobs enhance our personal life and give many helpful to our society.

 
 As a university student, I personally think that having a part-time job is important.  There are many part-time jobs that a college or a university student can do such as a teaching guide, waiter, cashier, page admin etc. There are several reasons why part-time jobs are important for students of our age. 

Firstly, living expenses become more and more expensive the more we grow older. A person may need more things and wishes that he wants to get. However, in order to fulfil these requirements, we need money. For a person, who has a stable job, he may have money that he needs.But not students who are still under the control of parents; According to our country. Therefore, part-time jobs are the only way to get extra pocket money. Secondly, there are certain advantages that we can get from working part-time. One of them is experience. In addition, this experience can enhance your chance for future employment.

However, this can affect our study which may lead to failure in academics. Therefore, part-time jobs are more suitable for people with incredible management skills.
 
To conclude,  since there are more benefits than disadvantages, I strongly believe that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.




 
 College students face several difficulties outside of their studies in the fast-paced, demanding world of today, including growing tuition fees and increased living expenditures. Additionally, attending college cannot guarantee that we will earn more money than non-college graduates. Therefore, when we have so much energy, we need to look at the real world. Because of this, we ought to work during our college years, or at least try. Although there aren't many part-time jobs in Myanmar. We are able to work odd jobs or support our parents' organizations. 
The financial burden on college students and their families can be lessened if they can find a part-time work that can generate a consistent income to help cover these expenses. College students who work for their money might gain a feeling of responsibility and practical knowledge of financial management that will benefit them throughout their life. But we must constantly remind ourselves that we work part-time jobs to supplement our income. We must stop or seek another occupation if our part-time job interferes with our studies.

In my opinion, we should work a part-time job to build our professional networks since we are college students. Additionally, part-time employment exposes college students to a variety of coworkers, managers, and customers. These connections offer networking opportunities, which could be very helpful for their professional goals in the future.  
 People need money to make things better, as the proverbs   time is money and money is time   and   time and tide wait for no man   suggest.Since the day we were born, our parents have provided us with money, a place to live, food, schooling, and other necessities until we can support ourselves and find a suitable job.As we get older, adolescents have a desire to try new things and act maturely in some situations..For myself, I frequently observe college students from different nations working throughout their academic years since I'm curious about how the advancement affects and benefits us. I continued to learn more about part-time jobs for college students after that. The advantages of working part-time are numerous. First off, it enables them to generate more income to cover their costs for things like books, food, and housing. This can lessen their financial burden on their families while also educating them about money management. I'm a bit of a spoiled kid and spend more money than usual on myself.

Secondly, getting a job can assist students learn how to prioritize their obligations and manage their time. Youth may do anything—good or bad—no matter their age, so we must teach them how the world works and how to survive in it. It can also give them useful work experience. When we find a job, it will be simpler for us to integrate into the workforce. Practice makes perfect, as my mother used to say, thus in my opinion, our nation's government should also permit college students to work part-time jobs. 
I agree with the statement that it's important for college students to have a part time job. In these days, everything has become more and more expensive. The prices of the things keep going up although our incomes are not. There is an old Myanmar saying, 'we cannot buy wisdom with gold'. That was quite true back then. Nowadays, that saying would be a little bit irony for we live in a capitalistic society. Nothing is free anymore. We have to pay a decent amount of money to obtain a decent education in order to have a decent life. As we are students, it's important for us to have a stable education. Moreover, we have our own investments to be made beside educational purposes such as our hobby, donating to a charity and anything that we have to use our money. Making money as a college student isn't that easy as we have to study on the other hand. Hence, part-time jobs have become a resolution for those who want to make money without stopping the college. The wage of a part-time job isn't that much. But it's sufficient to fulfill a college student's financial concerns. As for me, I think it would be nice to make money during our study process. It has less working hours, worth paid and has many benefits. For example, we will be more familiar with the jobs and how they proceed. We can gain experiences and will able to solve our problems in the near future..
  Jobs are for all kinds of ages. Money,reputation,experiences are what we are looking for in a job.When you are in your teenage period of life,it's not easy to get a high-salary full-time job but a modest-paid part-time job.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Firstly,as a university student, there are a lot of places where I need to use my fortune.But unfortunately,my allowance from my parents is limited since both of them have some kind of financial difficulties. My parents have been separated since I was just 6 years old. From the moment my mother grabbed my hands and got out of his house, she has been looking after me alone.Though my father did provide for me when I went to university, he still has my brother to support. So, I could say the provider of most of my fees is my mother. To live in this kind of situation and society, a great fortune is necessarily needed. Since the costs of living these days have sky-rocketed, I think the allowance we get from ours parents isn't enough when everything costs an arms and a leg unless we have a proper part-time job and get a chance to have extra money.Secondly,the work-life experiences we will attain from that part-time job is a once-in-a-blue-moon chance to learn about how the world actually works and how to leave our childish-teenager behavior behind and  become mature.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            To conclude,I agree with the topic because I think it's really important for college students to have a part-time job and even more for those students having financial problems. Since life is all about work,  it's pretty good to start working at your young age. 
              Humans are adapting and evolving creatures driven by their curiosity of the world. Humans are weak compared to predators like lions or tigers but their wits and knowledge make up for the lack of raw strength. But their wits and knowledge does not come from nothing. An infant would be like a candle in the wind. Every youngling has to learn whether it is by sight or by ears. Younglings should be given a learning period.
          One of the disadvantages of college students working part-time jobs is that they don't get enough time to study. Even if they do, it would be a race against time. The lack of time becomes especially prominent in where the major subject the student studies is especially hard like bioengineering or biophysics or biochemistry. If the student takes away time for sleeping to study, the student's health will deteriorate thereby failing in both studies and performing badly in part-time job. 
          One thing the college students lost by working part-time is their social life. By investing their free time in part-time to earn more money, they tend to have very limited time to simply have fun with their friends. Late teenage and early twenties is the prime of a person's life. Youths should experience their firsts in everything like first love, first crime, first job and so on. Youths should experience their youth to its fullest not stuck in a coffee shop being a waiter.
          Part-time jobs take up too much time and with how tight a student's schedule is, the student is not getting any time enough to experience their youths to its fullest. It is not Important for students to have a part-time job. 
 

      I strongly agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There is a famous saying,  The students of today are the leaders of tomorrow  which means that our future depends on the students of today. The age of a college student is very crucial as it is the time when we have to decide which path we want to take and what career we want to choose.        
      Having a part-time job, can help college students to manage their time effectively. Time management is an important and a necessary skill for life. Poor time management can cause more pressure and stress. By having a part-time job, he'll be able to learn how to manage his time between his studies and work. A college student will be able to learn the worth of money when he has to make his own money with his own effort instead of asking from his parents. In addition, he will get to know more how to save money. It is important to have a good habit of saving money since we are young. Moreover, we can gain work experience from the part-time job. We may sometimes make mistakes. But we must learn from our mistakes and take those experiences as stepping stones. Having a part-time job can help college students get the important work experiences before entering the actual rough life full of obstacles and difficulties.
      In conclusion, attending college and having a part-time job at the same time is not easy at all for a college student but, I am pretty sure that he will get certain benefits too. Therefore, I strongly agree with the fact that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
 
 Part time job is the job that isn't permanent for a whole day. We can work part time job for a period when we are free. So part time jobs are very appropriate for the college students like us because we don't get full enough time for a whole working day. We have to get to the school and classes to attend. That's why part time jobs have advantages for students as we can work in our free time.

          As a college student 's priority duty is to get to the school , learning and studying, we only have to depend on the parents . We depend our parents for our school fees, pocket money and many kinds of costs. Sometimes there is a moment that we can't be enough with our pocket money and we don't want to ask to our parents again. Moreover, to save our parents cost for us we can help by working part time jobs. By working part time job , we can get extra money of our own and we can buy and use for whatever we want to spend without asking money from our parents. And we can save our parent's costs for us and we can even be like good clever child. To solve that kind of case as a college student , there have part time jobs. And there are also advantages of working part time job as a college student. Before getting a job as a adult , we can get to know experiences what a work industry looks really like. In my opinion, any kind of work experiences can make us more mature and responsible.To conclude, having a part time job for a college student is really important.  
 In this case, I agree with the given statement. A part-time job is recommended for college or university students. Working part-time jobs can assist them in numerous ways. 

Students can work part-time jobs and still study, which is excellent. Since many part-time jobs only demand the worker to put in three or four hours a day, students are able to divide their time between a job and study since, unlike high schools, colleges and universities  have some more free time to do part time job.

Everyone who is a parent wants the best for their kids, including the greatest possible teachers, employment, and educational opportunities for a bright future. But regrettably, some parents cannot afford the costs of a cities lifestyle while their children attend a top university. Students may pursue part-time jobs for additional income to address this issue. Their part-time job salaries can pay their monthly expenses if they manage their money well. even though they don't need extra money, privileged students whose parents can afford the costs of attending a good college or university should work as employees in part-time jobs because doing so will teach them modesty and provide them with experience that will be valuable for later in life permanent jobs.

 
 Numerous difficulties are being faced by many college students. Managing the money they have while pursuing higher education is one of these challenges. Due to the advantages it offers in terms of becoming financial independent, real-world experience, improvement of skills, etc., working part-time job while attending in college is crucial.
Being financially independent is a big benefit of working part-time. College students and their families may struggle to afford the costs of attending college, which might include giving tuition fees , books, and living expenses. Students who work part-time can cover their own expenditures. College students who work part-time jobs may learn more useful lessons about how to manage their financial and budgeting, which aids them in becoming ready for future financial accountability.
Moreover, part-time work provides the necessary practical experience for college students. Students may get work experience, develop their communication and time management skills, and gain job experience by working part-time. Students must also work in various places and deal with different types of people in order to develop their adaptability, collaboration, professionalism, ability to organize their time, and other essential qualities for any occupation.
To sum up, part-time work is quite important in college students' lives. They give students financial freedom and enable them to pay for their own education. These part time jobs also give students real-world experience, allowing them to sharpen the abilities that will help them in their professional lives afterwards. Therefore, in order to advance their entire growth, college students must think about pursuing part-time jobs. 
                                  

    As college students, we need to take care of ourselves.  But there are also nationality-related restrictions.  In the western world, parents let their children learn to live independently.  However, in Asia, parents provide for their children until they find employment. I believe that students who have reached adulthood like college students  should be expected to take their financial responsibility.
     Being responsible is essential for success.   Being a western culture, they believed that children who are college students should be responsible and independent.  So they let their children go to live independently.  Working a part-time job while in college is a great idea.  From such kind of employment, they will learn a lot of experiences and lessons.  When they interact with the people, they will learn more about them. They'll be more courageous and persistent. And when they have a part-time job, they will understand the value of money. Even those who are 80 years old work a part-time job in the western world.  They believe that all they need to do is keep moving. However, in Asia, parents were not allowed to let the children live alone.    They allowed the children  even their children are college students to stay with them together  in order to prevent children from any harm or danger. So the children cannot learn what duty is.  But I'd rather not put the blame on them.  And that's not their fault either.  But I think college students should take their own responsibility and they ought to work part time job.      So that they will be independent financially.
 
 The importance for having a part-time work throughout college is being recognized more and more. A college diploma is no longer enough to ensure a successful career in the highly competitive job market of today. Employers are seeking for people more and more that have relevant experience and relevant abilities. Working a part-time job is one efficient approach for college students to acquire these qualities.

Initially, part-time work gives college students financial freedom. Numerous students must deal with financial worries like tuition, books, and living costs. Students can provide themselves financially by working part-time, which minimizes the need for debts or assistance from parents. Second, a student's ability to manage their time is improved by working part-time. Competent time management and prioritization are necessary to balance work and school obligations.Thirdly, part-time work allows for the development of skills and useful work experience. When entering the workforce, college graduates frequently lack real-world experience, making it difficult to find work once they graduate. Working a part-time job gives you the chance to expand professional network, acquire useful abilities, as well as gain practical experience. These opportunities can help students stand out from their classmates and improve their chances of getting a permanent job in the industry they want to work in.

To sum up, college students' growth as individuals and professionals depends greatly on their part-time employment. They promote personal development, encourage independence from money, improve time-management abilities, and provide invaluable job experience. Part-time workers in college are better prepared to handle the requirements of the job market and succeed in their chosen career paths. 
It is important for college students to have a part-time job because it helps them get better in socializing.It makes them to try harder to achieve their goals.They can also get more self-reliant while students who are getting their pocket money become lazier.Part time jobs can make the students get more experience and when they get their jobs,they will get promoted in no time.Unlike the students who have their hands on free money given by their parents,they become lazier and lazier and finally when they get their jobs,they will probably have problems because of lack of experience.Part times jobs can also reduce the expenses of the household and can even support the household back if the student has scholarship.Part time jobs can also make the college students know what hard work is and makes them realize the prospects of the world and they can also get to know about business.Having experiences in part-time jobs can also find the work they can suit in.It can also make them achieve their desired dream better.Being a part time worker can also improve communication skills.
Yes, I strongly agree about with that. It is important because some country has a part time job for younger people. Some young people need a job for their financial,for example their college pay, their apartment rent, home condition, etc. Because of not having part time job some young people having trouble with college funds. In Myanmar many young people drop out of college after high school because they don't have any financial money for the university. And many students really suffering from it for not having part time job. And it is really sad for those who really want to attend college or university. And in some country the government support part time job for young people. And in that way it's really help for college students. Also it is really need to have a good salary too. That's why we need more part time job and to support college students to save money for their apartment rent, college funds and etc. We need more time to do part time job too because many of us are students who don't want to relay on our parents.
I agree with that statement.l think teenagers must  be independent.Also They need to know the psychology of money.If They were work as waiter or waitress, they improve in their communication. We can pay  school charges by ourselve.It hetp us to wide our view about the society .If you want to be employerof someone group,you have to know the feeling  of employee.This is my provage that I believe.By doing parttime job ,we can learn what type of person should be trusted or not. College student are the person that they will be leader in the future.So,they have to be contact every part of the society.They can learn the way how to manage the workers and what is the important part of the countary.It have not only advantages but also disadvantages.When teenager know the feeling of using their money, they don't want to be finishes the college.They must face the unfair of employer.Sometime they feel depressed and tired.This can help them to face with their fortune changing. In our country ,this statement cannot be made.So l want to  build the company that respect ability more than certification or degree.Thus, everyone can work together and equally and I believe myself that I can do it.
"    It is important for college students to have a part-time job. Part-time jobs provide the necessary
income to the students whose financial background is low as well as the extra income to the students who want to spend on the things they want to buy or eat. 
    I believe many college students have part-time jobs in order not to burden the family and to stand on their own feet independently. This not only grants them the income but also strengthens their minds to become mature people. By earning money on their own, they come to know the value of a single penny and the effort necessary to put in and ultimately, they can sympathize with their parents who are financially supporting them up until now. A person who knows the value of the money will not recklessly waste it and will learn to use it in the controlled manner. Besides, work life can give us invaluable experiences and moral lessons.
     Overall, I believe having a part-time job can give us more than financial support. It can make us see the world we have not seen before and can shape us to become a good person who is dependable for their own family. 
"
"I agree that part-time job is important for college students. Being college students, we are learning new knowledge in college or university so that we can apply in the outside when we work. Working a part-time job means to get experience in the job whether it is just a waiter or a driver for me. We can learn many new things from doing a part-time job. We have to meet new and different kind of people so that we can learn a lot about people which will help us in our real job when we finish our college or university. In other countries such as America and Europe, there are many students who work part-time jobs when they reach 18 years old. I love that habit. We can learn about life from doing that. We as a student in Myanmar, we always do everything with our parents. We do not know about life much. So I believe that doing a part-time job will help us to know more about everything that we do not know or learn before. On the other hands, we can earn our own money so that we can buy everything what we need without requesting our parents and it is also a thing that we help our parents as a part. So I believe that doing a part-time job is very good for college students.
"
I strongly agree with this fact. Because I am also a college student who demand a lot of money all the time. Even my family can provide me enough money, I still want to spend more on my own. So, part-time jobs are the best solution for the college  students who want to spend money on their own but don't want to ask money from parents all the time. As the other teenagers, we want to keep up with the trends, the current of fashion nowadays and want to go adventures at the best time of our life. In Myanmar, there are not a lot part-time jobs that are suitable with the college students because of their lecture times in college. I hope the government could  create a lot of job perspectives for college students. That will help most of the students came from middle-class families. That will also help the students' mentality when they enter the business industry after the graduation. So, part-time jobs are the best for the most of the college students for many reasons.
"The title in question makes sense to me, and I share the view that part-time jobs are important for college students. In today's fast-paced world, students often get involved in part-time work to support their education or aim for independence. Balancing studies and work becomes a significant part of their experience. While this juggling act may be challenging at times, it opens doors to various opportunities.

Part-time jobs serve as a catalyst by turning students into self-reliant individuals. Normally, parents take care of their children's finances, but nowadays, young people want financial independence. Working part-time not only helps them achieve personal goals but also contributes to supporting their families. This work experience empowers them, teaching financial management skills which promote responsibility and maturity.

As these students move into their careers, the benefits of their part-time jobs become evident. The professional skills acquired during these experiences improve their chances in the job market, making them well-prepared for workplace challenges. Their accumulated expertise enables them to confidently overcome obstacles, laying the groundwork for a successful and satisfying professional journey. In essence, part-time jobs during college are not just about earning money; they shape individuals, instilling valuable skills and resilience that extend beyond the academic realm.
"
"      Myanmar is being influenced by the cultures and habits of the Western countries. Calling employees for part-time job and doing part-time job in Myanmar was not popular many years ago. As a Myanmar citizen, I had seen doing part-time job only in other countries' movies and dramas. However, almost every people including college students in Myanmar love to do part-time job not only outside but also on online in modern days as soon as Myanmar is being developed. Hence, I suppose it is essential for college students to have a part-time job.
      In Myanmar, most elderly misunderstand that part-time jobs are just cashiers, dish-washers and waiters at the restaurants and convenience stores. As soon as technology is being developed, there are many effective part-time jobs that most college students need that kind of experiences such as translators, interpreters, part-time teachers, freelancers, content writers and so on. That's why there are variety of advantages that part-time jobs give to the college students. Firstly, time management skill will be improved, which is one of the important skills that college students need to have. Everything depends on this skill and they need to calculate their time not to affect their college students' lives. Secondly, doing part-time jobs can give a lot of wonderful experiences that can be reused at their workplace after they graduated because most companies like to call the new employees who have two or three years' working experience in their related fields. Last but not least, their parents do not have to fully give financial support and this is indirectly repaying parents gratitude by making them not to be tired.
    To sum up, if a student who is enthusiastic and has a strong willing to achieve many sliccesses in his/her future, part-time jobs can give the steps to achieve it."
"As everyone comes from different roots, the way life treats a person cannot be the same. So that, the fact that whether a part-time job is important for a student or not can differ from each student. Students who come from weak background will desperately need a part-time job where students who come from a well-off family might think it as a wasteful of time. Besides, though their parents can support, there are also some students who want to depend on themselves. For me, I think it's very important for a student to have a part-time job. As my mom is a nurse and she has to support 3 children, it is not easy to make ends meet. So in order to share some of the burden my mom has been carrying, I have to search for a part-time job which is really hard to find in Myanmar. Most of the job descriptions include "" must be a graduate"", ' must have 3 or 4 years of experience ' etc and basic job like a cashier, waiters are not paid well enough. I believe by doing a part-time job, it can somehow add the sense of responsibility of their own life to the students. They can even get job experience even before they graduate so that when they finally enter the industry, they already possessed strength and knowledge how to overcome and be familiar with the working process. Moreover, coping between class and part-time job can build mental strength and improve personal skill. All in all, whether you are rich or not, a student should have a least one experience of having a part-time job where they could learn a great deal about life. And I hope someday in the future, young people in Myanmar would be offered many opportunities and choices. 
"
"Nowadays, students start seeking part-time jobs for different reasons, along with their studies. From my point of view, I strongly agree with the statement that students should have part-time jobs for many reasons.
The first reason is that they can get financial aid without asking their parents for pocket money. Then they will have a chance to buy their needs with their own money, and it may even reduce financial stress for poor parents.
For the second reason, they will understand the value of money and may also gain financial management skills as they have to deal with their own money.
For the third reason, they will improve time management skills as a result of dealing with work and school schedules.
The work area is more challenging than university. Then, students may have various kinds of problems and difficulties concerning both tasks and people. Therefore, they can enhance their problem-solving skills, communication skills, responsibility, and adaptability. Besides, they can have a chance to make their social circle bigger and make more friends.
As a fifth reason, they will become more independent and confident by joining a part-time job. They will know how much potential they have to maintain their life without the influence of their parents and relatives. This will help them lead their life better in the future.
Moreover, they will have enough work experience so that they don't have many difficulties when they are in their job fields after graduation.
Additionally, they can explore career options well as they will be knowledgeable about work and careers by joining a part-time job.
In conclusion, part-time jobs will let students have exposure to work life and the real world in advance. Hence, these are the reasons why I support the idea that students should have part-time jobs."
"Most people think it is controversial to say part-time jobs aren't affecting the study time of students. However, I think they have more advantages over disadvantages for collage students.

Firstly, students can earn side income from their part-time jobs. This will  be useful not only for their current education and their future plans. They don't need to ask money from their parents to buy something they want  Secondly, having a part-time job can offer work experience which will be very useful in filling CV form. Moreover, they can have a chance to preview how an actual work place looks like. Thirdly,  it may improve their communicative skills since most jobs nowadays are team work .By doing part-time jobs, students can sharpen their necessary skills.

On the other hand, some people think that part-time jobs can have negative impact on their studies and grades. It is not easy to handle both studies and jobs well because of tiredness and stress from part-time jobs. So, they think students should only focus on studying in their student life.

In conclusion,  I think if the students can handle both work and studies well, part-time jobs can surely help their future career in some ways."
"As the world today is developing day by day, we can say that money is the second God for human beings. In fact, our living costs are rising and we, as youths, need more money for our abilities, happiness, and education. So we should have part-time jobs while we're going to a college. Therefore, I agree the above statement.

Firstly, we must work to help our parents. Going a college can cost a lot of money. When we go to a school, we need to pay a lot such as entrance fees, accommodation fees, book fees, social-activities fees, and living costs. It is very unfair to let our parents pay all of the fees. We should try to pay half of the fees at least with our own incomes. Second, we can have enough working experiences in advance before graduation by working part-time jobs. This will be totally helpful in our future real-life working fields. Third, by working part-time jobs, we can spend our own money as we wish. Being a youth has a lot of needs and challenges especially money problems. As youths, we want to spend money a lot for our happiness. So it is more ecstatic using our own money than our gurdians' money for superficial things.  

However, in our country, there are rare part-time jobs for students. Students in our country face a problem of  not having enough money in university life. I hope the employers in our country to give some part-time jobs to college students to be easier for their college life. I, being a college student in Myanmar, also wish to have a part-time job to earn money for my own use. So I strongly agree the statement, "It's important for college students to have a part-time job".
"
Part-time jobs are really necessary for college students. As a college student, we need to learn about real world and part-time jobs are great opportunities for it. If we can earn some money for our study, our parents will be more comfortable to support us. Moreover, we can make new friends and new people at the job. And then, we can get much connection which can help us to build a strong community for our future. Therefore, in my point of view, I strongly agree that part-time jobs are important for college students. But on the other hands, especially aisan parents have much concern of letting their children for doing part-time jobs.They worried about their children and they do not want them to be tired and struggle between academic and money. According to my situation, when I ask my parents to let me do part-time job and study at the same time, I can see they have so much worries and concern and they forget that we are not children anymore and we need to learn about real world before graduation. However, at the end , they let me for doing part-time job and study at the same time. That job teaches me a lot and I became even more mature. Therefore, there should be many part-time jobs for college students.
