  when you are studying at university, In the morning prepare to go to school after get off the class at 4:30 then arrive your apartment or your dormitory you also go to tuition English or Chinese language again, After finished tuition get apartment prepare cooking dinner and have dinner about half hour then look at your lesson or do your homework and read a little book then you should prepare to go to work out at night or midnight at 9:00pm -6:00am sometimes you get some work start 23:00pm - 7:00am so that the feeling so tired, But you should do it.
so you must do it every days every night . 
Why should you do it like this? 
You know because do for your studying at university, In university different more for primary school or high school. Studying in high school you still live in you home and with your parents, brother, sister ans also don't using more of money and don't have values of water, electric if has they your parents are  who pay them so you don't have anything to pay more.
In university is all yours such as values of water, electric, studying,food , apartment some parts are your parents help you but you should know  in your family that It's rich or poor .
so you must work in part time help for your studying at university for reduce your parents coste .But sleeping late  the worst effects are make your brain is slowly difficult to thinking make your body is thin down look like a candid person.But the best are can helping your survive and make you have more experience more than another people, You know the best easy way  earning money after graduate would find easier jobs than another.
 
 Work part-time, I agree  because i have to earn money to send myself to study.  The advantage of working part-time while studying is earning extra income.  Which can help divide family expenses or spend without disturbing money at home, and many people tend to think that they are not in financial trouble at all.  But what many people overlook is  Working part-time offers more than that.  make us more responsible  Because I have to work and study as well.  This will enable it to cope with increasing workloads in the future. 
 Starting to try things we've never done before gives us more experiences in life that we need to learn for ourselves.  Practice solving problems by yourself without having to rely on parents, making us dare to adapt to society.  Get the skills you need to get the job done that can't be found in the classroom.  Knowing more people helps us build better friendships.  This may come in handy when it comes time to find work after graduation.  Having some work experience will be a huge advantage in real work.  because although the part-time job that I do may not meet expectations or use the same skills as the job that I applied for  But what can definitely be applied to real work is the social experience of work when we step into the working world.  and grow up  So if we learn to take on many responsibilities early on  Like we have trained to prepare our minds to be ready to take responsibility for what will follow in the future.  It may be more or less useful because experience will give us a greater advantage.  
 Actually, I agree about  it is important for college students to have a part time job  because it is a job that can choose to work according to the student's time and is considered to create a good work experience. Especially students who have no work experience. And also make extra income for yourself, help reduce family expenses, do not have to bother with money from home because you can earn money by yourself when having a job, finding new experiences that are not taught in the classroom for yourself. It made the most of your free time. University life would know only university colleagues or professors, but having to go to work part time will make Meet new societies and have a wider connection in the future.
Working part time will help you to be more responsible and manage your time better. Because you have to work while studying at the same time. A part time job can accept other job as well, having a part time work experience is very helpful when it's time to graduate and to actually apply for a job. because experience will gives an advantage over people who have never worked in other jobs before and what can definitely be applied to real work is experience in working society.
 
 For myself, I think that part-time work for students is not right or wrong , we can't decide whether we should agree or disagree. It has different advantages and disadvantages at the same time , There are many advantages, such as being able to take responsibility for yourself, making money to reduce the burden of family expenses, and this is a new experience that is not taught in school , And if we have worked in a restaurant or a place that uses English to communicate with customers, it will make us a person who dares to express himself in the use of the language and practice the correct pronunciation like a real native speaker , The idea that came back is that when we work to exchange money, we will know the value of time, money and know the value of ourselves more, especially it will make those of us who may have used to spend money playing for fun, will not do that anymore and this is the advantage of working part-time .There are many disadvantages of workig in a part time job : such  they don't have enought time to spend with family , friend, somtime they don't go to festivals , They don't have personal time and maybe they don't rest enough, it might be There is tension and stress from work, hard work every day can make you tired. Don't want to go to school, don't care about lessons, this will lead to poor academic results, this is a disadvantage . 
If we don't work part time, maybe we can use that time to study and develop ourselves better.

 
 In my personal opinion, I think that working part time has advantages. The part time job with the advantages of making extra income and learn how to manage savings money. I can gain more experience that is not taught in the classroom and develop communication skills, manage time ...Use your free time to the fullest.  ...which can help alleviate family expenses or used for buying things without bothering with money from home
 Having part-time work experience is very helpful when it's time to graduate and actually apply for a job, as the experience gives us an edge over other fresh graduates in the future
  More responsible, Because I have to work and study as well.  This will help me to improve my skill and to cope with more workloads in the future and Learned different skills, get to know more people and make new friendships besides friends in school.
 Working as a part time job, It is a door open to other social or new community can take time away from schoolwork, true, but students who work 10 to 15 hours a week during the school year earn higher grades than students who don't work at all. I strongly encourage students to seek out part-time employment.
 
I agree with working part-time. Because it helps me to earn extra income from part time job. You still struggle to earn money to support yourself. A part-time job offers something more: an extra income that helps ease the burden of family expenses. Or use it to shop without disturbing the money at home. Having some part-time work experience can be a huge plus when it comes time to graduate and apply for a job. Because experience will give you an edge and more responsibility. Because I have to work and study as well. This will enable it to cope with increasing workloads in the future. Learn the skills we need for the job. which cannot be learned in the classroom get to know more people This may come in handy when it comes time to find a job. Most of the time, part-time jobs are jobs that require a lot of interpersonal skills. Therefore, it is our job to improve our foreign language skills and learn more languages. The first disadvantage of working part-time is exhaustion. Because when we study all day Of course, working part-time must be more tiring than studying. Especially if the additional career that we do, besides being tiring from studying after school, we still have to do part-time work.
 I agree.   Personally, I've never worked part-time, but I've seen and learned from close friends who work part-time, and I think Since students work part-time,  It will help them gain work experience over new graduates, more mature  Because I have to deal with different types of customers, earning income do not ask parents, reduce family and university expenses Because for students from other districts then There is a high cost of studying, knowing the value of money, not spending extravagantly, and being more responsible Because they have to study while working, Finding your preferences and learn the skills needed to do the job, which not learned from the classroom because in the classroom teaches us with does theory not teach practical But for the 4th year, the university will allow students to do internships for experience because These skills are necessary for the working society Because most companies require people who have more experience working in that field and have a wide connection because in the future those people will be useful for finding information for graduation projects or they may help recommend jobs  . But studying and working part-time at the same time adds to the burden on students as well as students may not have enough free time to rest, no time to take care of themselves which affects their studies and health.
 
 In my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part-time job because do part time job will creat them to become more experienced in their future careers, especially if the part-time job is connected to their major. They can learn a lot of new skills, such as communication skills, time management skills, and the value of money, so they can manage their finance properly. Get a lot of experience that they cannot learn in the classroom and also learn about teamwork skills and how to deal with co-workers and customers. They also have income while studying, which may not be that much money, but it can decrease the financial burden for some students. It also has the disadvantage that they will pay less attention to lessons if they do not manage their time well, which will affect their grade scores. Some students have part-time jobs that finish until night, but they have class in the morning, which is harmful to their health. Part-time jobs have pros and cons, so if you think that's good for you or you want to pursue something else, part-time jobs are a good choice.
Finally, I encourage college students to have a part-time job. Although they have enough money to pay for or be able to accommodate their necessities, they can practice practical skills before graduating and apply for a full-time job in the future.

 
 I do agree, it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are several reasons why having a job while in college or university can be beneficial.Firstly, a part-time job can help students earn money to pay for their expenses, such as tuition fees, textbooks, and living expenses. It can also help them save up for future expenses like start their own business after graduated or to do something.Secondly, having a job can teach students time management and organizational skills. They learn how to balance their academic responsibilities with their work responsibilities, which can be a valuable skill in their future career.Thirdly, a part-time job can provide students with valuable work experience and skills that will be useful in their future careers. They can gain experience in areas such as customer service, communication, problem-solving, and teamwork.Additionally, having a job can also help students build their professional network and connections. They may meet people who can provide them with valuable career advice or even job opportunities in the future.Lastly, having a part-time job while in college can provide several benefits for students. It can help them earn money, develop important skills, and build their professional network. However, it is important for students to balance their work and academic responsibilities to ensure they do not sacrifice their academic performance.
 
 For me, I think working alongside studying is good because we get to experience and know what we like and what we don't like so that in the future we can know what works for us and if we know what we like faster from the increased work experience, it will give us a clearer future goal and having additional work will increase and reduce expenses And now most of our Lao students have side jobs along with their studies, which is very good because the side jobs will help us to practice our own language, be it English or Chinese, to train ourselves to speak that language. Because after graduation, whoever learns English or Chinese, this is a chance to have a job in the future. Because now speaking English or Chinese is very important. Office workers need these languages. And there may be some disadvantages such as insufficient rest. No time for family or friends because after school will have more time to work Therefore, part-time work is not a problem. The opportunity to have less rest and some people who do not do part-time work will have time for family or friends, so those who do part-time work will have the opportunity to overcome obstacles at the same time.
 
 I agree with this idea. When students go to university it's very talented in them life, because when they come in university they will have many things to do just not study and have many activities it's waiting for them. But it's not means that they cannot do a part time job, I am a university student too and I have do a part time job at the same time, when you have to do a part time job it's can helps you to grow up very much. You can try what an easy work you can try what a hard work but when you do it you will know how to spent the time to have benefits just not wasted your time in your life. If you do a part time job you will have money and this is a big reason that why we should do a part time job during we're study. When you have money you can spend your money and you can reduce the expenses in your family too. when you come to do a part time job you will find new friends new partner and have known many people and make friends with them to make a contact because they can help you in the future. Especially you can improve yourself improve your skills improve you knowledge improve your communication improve your foreign languages it's can improve a many things that you want to improve it.


 
   I agree, because education alone can't help us to know much, so I think universities should have part-time jobs for students to have so that students can get a job and earn a salary without asking parents for money too, plus gaining a lot of knowledge from outside and various things related to the field we study as well and also gives us an extra income that helps share family expenses or spend without disturbing money at home and  Working part-time is very useful when it's time to graduate and can be used in work because the work experience gives us an advantage over other fresh graduates and learn essential work skills that are not available in the classroom  and it also makes us more responsible. Because we have to work and study at the same time, which will help us cope with the increasing workload in the future and also allow us to meet more people. Which may be useful to us when looking for a job, may be a job advisor or teach various jobs, so I think we should use our free time to listen to music, watch various movies to find part-time work. To earn extra income and learn new things from new people and also help us develop communication skills and also allows us to save money from our own labor. It also helps us know how to manage study time and work part-time as well. this is my opinion, thank you teacher。 
 
"It is often heard that working a part-time job alongside studying is important for college students while some people believe that it causes inefficient results in school. From my perspective, I agree with the opinion that it is an important option for college students these days and think that it gives them more than just money.
	First of all, I believe that money is the main factor in affording a higher education nowadays which is why we are familiar with college students, especially those who are facing financial problems, heading to work after or before their classes which seems to be so hurry and exhausted. Nevertheless, there are several types of part-time job for students to choose, so they tend to work for something that is related to their field of study which means that they aim to gain more professional experience while earning some pocket money at the same time. For example, the students from the faculty of communication art often work as part-time freelance artists. Moreover, a part-time job is quite flexible and normally takes about 5 hours a day. Some places even require them to work only 3-4 days a week. Even though students who have part-time jobs need to work harder to maintain their grades at college, if they are able to manage their time, they will definitely graduate as successfully as others.
	To wrap it up, I strongly believe that a part-time job is important for college students because it could provide the opportunity to improve many aspects of real working experiences and also help them make a better living out of it."
"In my opinion, I think having a part-time job is necessary for college students. Having a part-time job can give extra money to students and it also able to reduce expenses for students' families. Another reason is that having a part-time job also guides students into a working life before they graduate, and they can use it after graduation. 

A part-time job is very helpful for students, it can help them in many ways. For instance, for those who are having trouble with finances, it can make their money to pay for term fees, tuition fees, and living costs. Apart from that, a part-time job is also good for 4th-grade students who are going to graduate soon. A part-time job can give them a lot of work experience which they can use in their working life in the future. It also gives them a connection which is very important in working life too.

Because of the reasons I have mentioned above. I agree that having a part-time job is important for students. It can give students a lot of experience they can use in their life. It can teach them how to manage their finances and give them lessons, a connection that will help them in their adult life.
"
I 100-percent agree that college students who have time available should have a part-time job. Students who have a part-time job should be more financially independent. They do not have to ask anyone for money, instead they will have to work for it, which can be beneficial for them too. Acknowledging that money does not come easily is a valuable lesson, especially for young people. They will learn to manage their expenses, and save for their future. Moreover, many companies and workplaces require the applicants to have some experience before they decide to hire them. Therefore, having a part-time job before graduation can improve their resume. Furthermore, students can learn how to use the knowledge they gained in class in the working world, sharpening their skills and experience on the way before graduation. College students who work a part-time job will be more efficient and experienced in the real work field. In conclusion, having a part-time job not only help students financially but can help them gain the experience and prepare them for the job market after college.
 I believe that it is important for college students to have part time job because it will be the benefit to help them to be a good adults. This way can help students to be more confident and have more abilities. College students can earn extra money by themselves, so they will learn how to manage their money and they can help their parents to pay colleges expense because study in college is not cheap. In addition, they will learn how to work, communicate and listen others people such as their colleagues. They can manage their time and they will be people who well-organzine . What is more they can soft problem in real life as well when they have a problem.  They will learn anythings in real life, just not only learn in the school. On top of that, they will gain experiences that is very important to them because after they graduate, it is easier to get a job than people who don't have experiences. All things should be considered by college students in society.They should choose what way that will be benefit  and progress themselves.
"I agree, because i there is only good benefits to having a part time job and i can think of 2 good reasons for college students to have a part time job, which is financial, and experience.

I believe that there may be some college students who may be facing financial difficulties, and by having a part time job it will help them to be able to manage, and be able to pay for basic necessities for their everyday lives, as it is an unavoidable part to those who are struggling, and without a part time job it will only be more difficult for them to find opportunities in their lives, so having a part time job is the perfect solution for this type of students.

Not only having a part time job will help 
Those who struggle financially, even those who do not struggle will also gain working experiences by facing the challenges that may come when working in the field, and that will help them to improve their work handling skills, and by the time they're a graduated student possibly looking to apply for a full time job they would be an experienced and well suited applicant.
"
"In my opinion, I agree with this statement about Why college students should have a part time job during their studies. There are many lessons but I will give you three of them such as reducing family's expenses, getting more experience and time management skills. 

Firstly, reducing family's expenses, many college students have to spend money for their education and things they need. So that will make their parents have to spend more money, some students who came from normal or poor families. They need to get part-time jobs to pay their own bills without help from their parents.

Secondly, joining in part-time jobs enables the students to gain experience in their field of work that promotes their resumes. This is important when it comes to job hunting after completion of studies. Moreover, students that have undertaken part-time jobs and gained relevant experience have the over hand when it comes to getting jobs, unlike those that are just graduates from college. Working part-time for recognized organizations increases one's chances of becoming a better job.

Finally, Having a part-time job helps students to acquire time management skills in the sense that they treasure every time they get and use it efficiently. This happens because their study time is now busy with the job, so they have to remake their schedule to fit in the study time, work time, leisure time and many more. 

Conclusion, having part-time jobs for college students is very important because it helps them to reduce their family's expenses, they have to pay for everything on their own. And they will get more chances to get jobs easily by their experience than other students who do not have experience. And they can manage time for their schedule like their study or work time.
"
