I strongly agree with smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants because cigarette smoke is extremely dangerous for human health, especially for kids and elderly people. When there is someone smoking inside the restaurant, it is not only will cause air pollution to the environment in the restaurant, but it also affects the customer's appetite. When one is always inhaling the cigarette smoke, he/she have the high possibility to get lung cancer or tuberculosis. Sometimes not only the customers in the restaurant smoke but the workers also take this advance. Thus, it is consequently affecting the quality of the food and the restaurant's image. So, owners should strictly ban smoking to protect their customers' health and to avoid food poisoning problem to the customers. Government should take these issues seriously in order to make sure that the rate of health issues in Malaysia is lowest. There are some possible ways to solve the smoking issues including set an open area outside the restaurant for smoking, increase the price of cigarette, or totally ban smoking in the country.  The authorities shall know their responsibility to the others and make sure they can control themselves from smoking in the restaurant. The restaurant owner should collaborate with the government in banning this smoking issue.
 In my point of view, I agree with smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. 
First and foremost, smoking at restaurants can affect the cleanliness of the surrounding environment. From my observation, the smokers always simply throw cigarettes on the floor after they finish smoking. Sometimes, the ashes from the cigarettes will drop on the table covers and burn a hole on it. The smoke from the cigarettes contain tar which leading to the yellowish of white wall and furniture. This action causes the owners have to pay more to clean up the mess.
In addition, smoking also reduces the number of customers who are non-smokers visiting the restaurant. This is due to the unpleasant smell of smoke from cigarettes that can make someone feel uncomfortable and affect their appetite. Especially for those families who have children or elders, a smoking restaurant is the non-proper for them to visit. 
Lastly, smoking should be banned at all restaurants to protect the health and life of employees and customers. As a general knowledge, we know that smoking can cause lung cancer, infertility, and other diseases. Although the workers at restaurant might not smoke, they inhale the secondhand smoke will lead to these diseases too. Hence, after a long time working in this environment, the employees may be the victim. Sometimes, the ashes from cigarettes dropping on the flammable object can lead to fire disaster. Thus, smoking will threat the life of people at restaurant. 
Overall, smoking must be banned at all restaurants because it brings variety of side effects such as affecting the cleanliness of restaurants, reducing the number of customers, and threatening the health and life of employee and customer. 
 In my opinion, I agree with the statement. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. 

The first reason that smoking should be banned entirely is the smoke from the cigarette or electronic cigarette can danger human healthy. The components in the smoke such as nicotine and carbon oxide have been proved that can damage human organs. Carbon oxide could prevent the oxygen transferred by red blood cells throughout all the body which could damage the human organ cell such as brain cells which require a lot of oxygen to work. Besides that, nicotine could lead to lungs cancer. This is because the nicotine will stick at the surface of the lungs cell and cause the incorrect growth of the cells, then eventually lead to the growth of cancer cells.

Secondly, the reason that smoking should be banned completely is smoke will cause cough of the other customers in the restaurants. This is because the smoke from cigarettes is smelly, and it is unacceptable for most people. Then, the smoke might cause the difficulty in breath of the customers in the restaurants.

Lastly, another reason that smoking should be banned completely is smoke can make the vision of people in restaurant unclear. This is because the smoke from the cigarettes is tick and white which can prevent the people see the things in front of them, and then usually will cause the incidents.

In summary, the smoking should e completely banned a all the restaurant in the country because it brings a lot of disadvantage despite of bringing advantages. 
I strongly agree that the smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As we know, the cancer is the top three health issues in Malaysia and the main cancer disease is the lung cancer. The smokers in Malaysia are quite a big number where one of four people is smoker either active or passive. However, as the awareness in health issues especially the lung cancer has increased among the Malaysian, a lot of restaurants have restricted smoking or divide the areas for smoking areas. However, these actions still can't stop the people to get in touch with the smoke. For instance, the restaurants that have smoking areas, the chemicals from the cigarette or smoke will expose to the air and stick on the people clothes or foods. The people that not smoking will become the 2nd or 3rd passive smokers as they pass through or just walk by the areas. This is because the chemicals from the cigarette can stay longer in the air which about a few days and breath in by the people after this. These make the people still have the risks in lung diseases and I think the issues still not have been solved. Thus, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country to ensure the peoples can eat their food safe and healthy.
 Yes, we do agree with that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking can cause health problems such as cancer and many diseases on the respiratory system. This is because the cigarette is mainly made from nicotine and tar. The cigarette tar is the reason that cause us cancer since it will mutant our cells in our respiratory system. Besides, smoking in the public area like restaurants will also affect other people due to the gaseous releases from the people who smoke as known as secondhand smoke. Several studies had conducted and proved that the secondhand smoke is more harmful and dangerous than the cigarette due to the toxicity of the gaseous. In addition, the consumers in the restaurant not only adults but also children. Children has a weaker immune system as compare to adults, and they have higher possibility to be affected by the smoking gaseous. With that, smoking is prohibited in all restaurants in the country. Furthermore, smoking in the restaurant will cause a bad eating experience because the aroma of the food will be covered by the smoking odour. This will also lead to many negative impressions leaves in the comments of Google Maps and cause fewer customers to come to the restaurants. All in all, many disadvantages of smoking in restaurants had been justified above and it is clearly stated that we should banned smoking in all restaurants in the country.
 
 Nowadays, there are many people who smoke cigarettes regardless of age and gender. The
practice of smoking is not good. This is because smoking has many negative effects on our lives. The
question is, should smoking be banned in all restaurants in this country? In my opinion, I agree to
ban it completely in all restaurants in this country because it will have many bad effects on the
people around us. There are many negative effects on a person and also the environment as a result
of smoking.
One of the negative effects of smoking is affecting health. This is because the substances
found in cigarettes are dangerous chemicals. If a smoker or a person who inhales cigarette smoke
will be at risk of contracting a dangerous disease. For example, lung cancer, stroke, lung disease,
asthma and can also cause death.
Furthermore, smoking can also affect the environment such as air pollution. This means that
if a person smokes it will produce harmful smoke and it will cause pollution and the spread of
disease. This makes it difficult for us to find clean and fresh air.
Last but not least, the effects of smoking will also lead to fire. This is because there are
many irresponsible people who throw away cigarette butts while the cigarette butts are still burning.
This can cause a fire and it can contribute to an increase in temperature and the production of
carbon monoxide. Therefore, smokers must ensure that the cigarette butt does not burn before
throwing it away.
In conclusion, smoking is a bad habit because it can cause damage to body systems, health
problems and affect society and the environment. Therefore, all parties must join hands to
overcome this problem. If it is not contained it will cause this problem to become more prevalent. 
Should smoking be completely banned in restaurant in the country, as it should a long time ago. I completely 100 % agree with that idea. A person when they want to smoke, they can do it outside especially the restaurant is fully air-conditioning because it makes the smell bad. A smoking person sometime they just ignore that are a baby in that restaurant that will breathe with unhealthy air and it can bring affect to the baby. They also make the smoke near someone face and it kind of rude act. The cigarettes can bring dirty because at the end of cigarettes they are throwing it away with unproper way, this can make the worker at restaurant need to clean it up and make the extra work. A smoking person should be aware that people go to the restaurant is to eat in calm situation and to realize tension to get a fresh air and not to smell their smoking smoke. Smoking ca make the people are not comfortable to eat near them. Smoke from the cigarettes even they are not smoker they also can get the illness from it. The restaurant should be strict to punish a smoker who smoke in the restaurant and banned it.  
 Nowadays a lot of people smoke at everywhere and at any time even in restaurant. Smoking
should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country since restaurant is a public
place. Smoking in restaurant can cause dangerous of customers health. Since it is a public
place, most of customers come from pregnant women, kids and people who don't smoke.
For example, smoke is very dangerous for pregnant women because if they inhale smoke, it
can result in birth defect. For kids, their immunization system will be affected by smoke and
this will harm their body. Not only pregnant women and kids, people don't smoke and
restaurant's staff also being affected.
Next, smoking in restaurant should banned because customer will loss their appetite.
When they lost appetite, they will not come again to that restaurant. For them, the restaurant
is not recommended. This action will affect the restaurant itself. For example, the restaurant
will lose their profit. Even though government has announced that smoker can smoke 3
meters from the restaurant area, the owner of restaurant should be aware not to allowed this
law if they want to make profit and expended their business.
In a nutshell, smoking is very dangerous for health. Not only for the smoker, but it will
also affect people around them. Statistic state that most of people who get lung cancer and
heart attack is come from smoker. Thus, smoking should be completely banned not only at
the restaurant but also at all public place in the country. 
 Smoking is a very dangerous condition not only for the smoker but for other people as well including pregnant mothers and children. Therefore, it is very important that restaurants around the world ban smokers from smoking in restaurants. this is because it can take care of the public's health and the cleanliness of the restaurant area.
Restaurant is a place that people go to eat with family or alone. If there are smoker who smoking if there are smokers there will disturb them to eat. The smell of cigarette smoke is foul and dangerous for people. So, this should not happen, restaurant owners should ban them from smoking and give a strong warning if they smoke. Every shop needs to put up a   NO SMOKING   banner on the shop front. Shop owners can also sue those who violate smoking rules. as a result, they will not smoke and people who come to eat will feel comfortable to dine.
Second, cigarette smoke will provide an unhealthy environment. The fumes flying will spoil the atmosphere of the restaurant. sometimes this cigarette smokes and throws cigarette butts at will such as on the table, under the table and down the drain. This is a bad practice and affects the environment of the store. Store workers had to collect and clean it themselves. The behavior of smokers makes people who come to eat less happy with their presence. So, it is very important for every restaurant to ban smoking in restaurants.
In conclusion, all parties need to work together to ban smoking in restaurants. This is all because of health and a clean environment free from cigarette smoke and smokers. People can take action against anyone who smokes in restaurants because the kingdom has banned smoking in public areas. 
      Yes, I agreed. Government should ban the smoking in the public place since a long time ago. Since few years ago, some restaurant harm their customers to smoking in their areas because it will affect others but many people ignore that warning. But on the other hand, some places are stand on that warning to care of other's comfortability. 
    Smoking should ban because of it will affect the smoker's health and people around them also. The smoke released will be around of people near them that will affect their health especially their lungs. There are many cases occurs in our country not because of they are smokers but because of smoke. The act that shown reflects the image and attitudes of someone. Smokers assume that smoking can release their stress without thinking of others and their health. 
    Smoke can damage the environment that can cause bad image of country. Many causes of bad environment and smoking are one of the main points. Day by day, the country does not have healthy environment as before because of the attitudes from the selfish person that ignore others' feeling and environmental of country. In addition, nowadays there are few types pf smoking that they use such as vape and it more dangerous than smoking. Users of vape not only use by adults but it commonly uses by students and it cause many problems to them. 
    In conclusion, smoking do not have any positive effect instead of negative effect. Many things that people can do to release their stress such as jogging or shopping. Self-image will reflect our attitudes and country that will judges from foreigner. Health has sentimental value and can not replace in any kinds. 
In my opinion, I agree with the statement which is  Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country . It is because smoking give a large number of bad effects on people not even smokers but also the people in the surroundings. I am disappointed with smokers who smoke in front of babies. For an example, they smoke near a baby in a restaurant. It is such a rude and has no good manner kind of people. Baby is a sensitive human that really easy to get any kinds of diseases. The smoke from the smokers includes many types of bad ingredients like nicotine and tar. The baby will breathe in unhealthy air, which is the smoke that will enter their lungs that give a bad impact such as lung disease and asthma. Moreover, smoking should not happen in a restaurant as restaurant is a place where people eating and spending time together. It is not good for smokers to smoke because there is no good healthy air cycle. People just share the air and there will have a lack of oxygen as restaurant is a closed place. Smokers should be concerned with other people by taking action such as smoking at a place that is provided for smokers. The responsible party should warn them and give punishment if they still smoke in a restaurant. In a nutshell, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country to prevent people in the surrounding from getting serious diseases that come from the smoke.
 I agree because smoking is not good for everyone around the smokers. Restaurants is an open place
for everyone from various level of ages. Cigarettes have bad ingredients that can give bad effects for
health especially that have sensitive antibodies or organ like baby and old people. For instance, the
smoke from the cigarettes can cause the babies will asthma or cough. It can be worse when it come
to dangerous diseases like heart disease, lungs disease, and also it can cause death. We called the
person who smelled the smoke is a second smoker. So, smoking can give bad effects not only to the
smokers. Typically, smokers didn't think about others health because it didn't give any losses to
them. But, to the family that involved with health problem that because of smoke, it is really bad
thing. How can smokers care about others whereas they didn't care about themselves?
Other than that, I agree to banned smoking in a restaurant because usually, restaurant is a place that
everyone spending their times with the loves like family. But, with smoke around, it can disturb
others with the smells, suffocated with smoke, and it will spoil people to enjoy the foods. Person
who smoking in the restaurants is a selfish because they enjoy with the cigarettes but the people
surrounding them is not comfortable with it. Additionally, smoking in the restaurants can cause the
restaurants dirty with the cigarette's leftovers. Normally, when they smoke happily, they just throw
it everywhere after finished it. So, I really agree to completely banned smoking in all the restaurants
because it didn't give any benefits to everyone. 
 Smoking is a very terrible habit that affects millions of people annually and claims many lives. Numerous malignancies are brought on by smoking, which also permanently harms the human body. As far as I am concerned, I strongly agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. 

First of all, smoking at a restaurant might annoy diners, especially those who are eating. While others are dining, the smoker's smoking completely detracts from their mood. In general, smoking has negative effects on the health of those around you and is especially harmful to young children and the elderly. Bad ailments like cardiovascular conditions might readily affect others nearby.

Furthermore, setting a terrible example for the younger generations by smoking in public places like restaurants. Basically, young people copy the actions of the older generation, whether they are good or evil. If the elderly smoke, it sends a negative message to the younger generation. They will undoubtedly copy the harmful behavior if the smoker is their father, based on what they have observed..

Besides smoking puts a strain on a smoker's finances. The cost of a box of cigarettes, which contains 12 smokes, is very close to 20 Ringgit for a smoker. It demonstrates that a smoker will spend at least 100 Ringgit if they purchase one box for a week. Their money is being wasted on a horrible thing. Smokers' expenses are undoubtedly increased by their use of cigarettes. 

In summary, it is clear that smoking has negative repercussions on the smoker. Smokers are not the only ones affected, but everyone nearby is as well. In our nation, smoking should not be viewed as a non-issue. It is a bad event that could have a negative impact on everyone's health or possibly be fatal.  
 Nowadays, people take care of their health seriously. There are a lot of ways to maintain healthy and one of them is to stop smoking. But, although we do not smoke, the person who smokes will also affect our healthy. In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. 
As we know, when we stay beside the person who is smoking, the smoke will affect our health too. The smoke will come into our lungs and affect our respiratory system too. It may cause respiratory disease or lung cancer. Other than that, some people will headaches or feel uncomfortable if there is someone smoking beside them. We need to set up a law to protect their right because the smoker can smoke outside but it's impossible to let the customer takes the food and eat outside the restaurant.  
The second reason that we need fully banned at all restaurants in the country is to give the right to the restaurant owner to ban smoking in the restaurant. Some restaurant is an indoor restaurant. Smoking in an indoor restaurant will let all the customer need to have their meal in a bad air environment. By setting up this law, the owner has the right to protect other customer eating environment. 
In conclusion, I fully support that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. 
 
 
I totally agree that smoking should be banned completely at all restaurants in the country. The first thing should be raised upon this issue is the respect from the smokers to other customers. The smokers are considered very rude to other customers as the smoke produced is extremely smelly and disturbing. The customers are welcomed to enjoy their food comfortably in the restaurant but out of the blue the environment is spoiled by the smoke produced. It is a major turn off for most of the customers to spend their time in the restaurant. In this case, it would make the owner of the restaurant worse as they allow the smokers to smoke legally in their restaurants. Perhaps, they will lose some potential customers as it gives a bad impression or review from the other customers to the public. Moreover, the other customer will be considered a passive smoker. The passive smoker is a contradiction from the active smoker. However, the risk of exposure to lung cancer increases the same as the active smoker. It is really pathetic for the passive smoker as they do not have any relation to the cigarettes but still have the same risks to the active smoker. 
