          Smoking in restaurants has been disagree and agree to some people for several years. While some people believe that smoking should be banned in all restaurants, other argue that smoking should be allowed in a sign smoking areas.  There are some advice should be banned smoking in all restaurants.

        Firstly, smoking in restaurants can be increase to health risk to both smokers and non-smokers. The smoke effect to secondhand smoke can cause many different health problem, including asthma, lung cancer, and heart disease. Recording to the world heart organization, secondhand smoke causes many death each year. Banning smoking in restaurants would help to reduce the number of smoker and reduce the number of deaths.

          Secondly, smoking cigarette in restaurants can be annoy to others costumers. The costumers get cigarette smoke could be difficult to enjoy their meal surrounded by smoke. Banning smoking in restaurants would help costumers enjoy eating and drinking more.

          Thirdly, banning smoking in restaurants would not have impact on the smokers. The smokers could still smoke outside the restaurant before or after their meal. The smokers could smoke in the sign smoking areas away from non-smoker. Additionally, smoking banned in other public places, such as parks and public transports have been succeed to reduce smoking rates.

          In conclusion, smoking should be ban in all restaurants to protect the health of both smokers and non-smokers. In my opinion do not allowed smoking in all restaurants it could be the benefits of a smoke-free environment and make the costumers enjoy more than ennoy. 
     it is more accident from the cigarettes. It bring a lot of consequences and make a lot  of people died year by year. The government have to take the action to the seller and the smoker.
    First, all the sellers have to allow to all the government's action. They should be complete banned of smoking even thought they are the sellers because this is the rules of smoking. The sellers are fined if they do not allow the rules of the sale properly. Vendors must ban smokers from smoking in public places, if they do not allow sellers can fine them 20000រ.
    Cecond, smoking causes many side effects such as: lung cancer, liver disease, heart disease and so on. in addition, smoking has seriously affected the health of children, pregnant women and those around them. The  mumber of deaths due to smoking is increasing year by year. On the other hand, smokers are discriminated against and do not want to be around.                                                                                                                                                        Finally, all the restaurants in the country should be complete banned to help reduce the number of smokersin the country and to contrbute to the development of the country to have a clean environment to attract national and international tourists. So young people who do not khow how to smok, do not want to try, and if you have smoked, give up for the health of yourself and your loved ones around you. 
              Smoking is one of the major causes of health complications, including lung cancer, heart disease, and respiratory problems. By the way, smoking still happen in public places, including restaurants. The smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country into some factors.
            Firstly, it poses a serious health risk to both smokers and non-smokers. Secondhand smoke, which is the smoke exhaled by smokers cause cancer. This means that non-smokers who are exposed to secondhand smoke are at risk of developing the same health complications as smokers. By banning smoking in all restaurants, we can protect the health of both smokers and non-smokers. Finally, it causes a bad smell in the place where we think that it should not happen. The smell of cigarette smoke can be unpleasant to many people, and it can also be a trigger for those with respiratory problems like asthma. Additionally, smoking can create a hazardous environment, as lit cigarettes can easily start fires. By banning smoking in all restaurants, we can create a safer and more pleasant dining experience for everyone.
           In conclusion, smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in the country. This will help to protect the health of both smokers and non-smokers and deleting the bad smell that come from the cigarettes. While some may argue that smoking is a personal choice and that smokers should be allowed to smoke in public places, the health risks and nuisance associated with smoking make it clear that a ban on smoking in all restaurants is necessary.
 
 Many people, especially men are really addicted to smoking any kind of cigarettes. Sometimes we can see they smoke in public, work place and also in the eateries. as we know smoking is really provide many affects to our health. That's why there are three reasons that smoking should be completely banned especially at all restaurants in the countries. 
Firstly, the smoke or the smell of cigarettes can affect to other customer in the restaurants. Imagine that you are going to eat our meal, suddenly the smoke of cigarettes flying over your food and our face. How do you feel? Do you enjoy eating your food? As a result, the smoke really makes another customer feel uncomfortable.
Secondly, the smoke can affect the fresh atmosphere in the restaurants. In addition, it can also ruin the brilliant taste of food.
Finally, smoking really affect the health. Research show that, there are many diseases the caused by smoking such as, cancer, lung cancer, heart disease and stroke. For pregnant women when they absorb the smoke it really effects to the baby particularly in lung and brain.
Inconclusion, there are many bad impacts that caused by smoking. According to these reasons smoking should be completely banned not only at all restaurants in the counties, but also should completely banned in the public. 
Smoking is not allowed in some public place, especially in the restaurant. But not all the restaurant owners restrict their customers to obey the rule. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country. Many people are getting sick if the government couldn't solve this problem.

Restaurant is a public place generally for everybody who enjoy their meal including kids, adult, old people, and sometime sick people. Some of the restaurants are indoor. They use the air conditioner. So, the poison of the cigarettes smoke cannot move away. They are kind of weak people so if they meet the cigarette smoke it will be worst for them. 

The cigarettes produce bad smell fire. Restaurant is a place where we eat. The smell affects the eaters. If it is bad, they will feel disgusting on their meal also. They will lose their want of eating and the restaurant will lose their customer ether. And most of the reason of getting burned is cigarettes fire.

To sum up, there is no positive thing or any advantages of smoking at a public place as a restaurant. The way to stop this bad action is starting from the smoker. They have to change the thinking. They have to care about the other around them not just themselves.
 Smoking causes a lot of serious diseases to the smokers and second-hand smoker (someone receives smoke from smokers). It is a smart thing to do if we can stop them from smoking in public places like restaurants. We must ban them from smoking from these places and fine them if they against the regulation. In the follow essay, will tell you why we should completely ban smokers to at all restaurants.
	First, smoking in the restaurants can spread the bad smell to the other people who do not like the smell of smoke. It is hard for them to breathe the air into their lung, so some people will the restaurant urgently with unhappy feeling because of those smokers. However, receiving the smoke from smokers also get bad diseases like heart diseases, lung diseases, and also breathing problems to people who get the smoke from those smokers at those restaurants.
	Second, smoking also provides bad model to the young generations. Of course, smoking in front of people is a bad picture to people in public places especially young people. Young people really want to know and want to test what old people show to them, so it is one of the bad role models to young youths when old people or people who smoke everywhere like restaurants. 	Some people might think that it is their rights to smoke everywhere they want because they buy cigarettes by their own money. But I do not agree with that because it is a bad view to young generation and they will copy from those smokers.
	In summary, smoking in public places like restaurants should be banned all restaurants in country because it affects other people's feeling and it is also a bad role model to young generation. 
 Smoking is an extremely harmful and dangerous habit that can cause a range of health problems such as cancer, lung and heart diseases, and many other problems. It should be completely banned at all the restaurants in a country. 

Firstly, smoking in restaurants is the potential health risks to people who don't smoke. For example, the smell of cigarette smoke is very bad , and the haze of smoke can be affect to the eyes, nose, and throat. 

Secondly, banning smoking in restaurants can promote healthy habits, especially for young people. If smoking is banned at restaurants, it shows that smoking is not a socially acceptable behavior. This can help young people develop healthy habits and discourage them from starting smoking.

Lastly, smoking in restaurants lead business to loss. Maybe people come to restaurants to having good meal, spending time with their lovers or family. What if they get the smell of cigarettes from those smokers, they might feel uncomfortable and stop come to those places again. 

In conclusion, smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants to create a healthy  for all customers. Because it provides many risks to second hand smokers, bad habits, and diseases and to environment, therefore, smoking should be banned everywhere, not only in the restuants. 
 
  
           Cigarette is known as a sharp weapon which taking many people's life. Especially, those who are using it. Most of people are smoking because of stress from work or personal problems. They think that smoking can solve those problems. But they forget to think that it gives bad effect to their health. They not only hurt themselves but people around. So, I strongly agree with the statement said  Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. 
          First reason why I totally agree with that view is smoking causes health problems not only yourselves but people around you. It can lead people to die when you are using too much. Because smoking can cause lung cancer, heart disease when the smoke goes into your body. Moreover, when people are not healthy, they will find difficulties of completing their job. As long as, they will face losing job. Beside this, smoking can also effects to unborn baby. They will be born with disability. Second, smoking in restaurant can also damage in the taste of food. Customers will not enjoy their meal and the taste of food will be terrible while they are breathing in the cigarette smoke.  To conclude, smoking must be banned not only at all the restaurants but other public places. I think it is an immoral act to smoke in public. Because not all the people like it. To reduce the amount of people who die and avoid losing costumer from the restaurant, owner should provide a good place which is far away from people for them to smoke. Health is the most important thing for people which you can not buy. When you are healthy enough, you can do whatever you want such as help developing your country.  
 I don't agree about that because people can smoking everywhere and every time When they want. 
We know smoking isn't good for health, life and country. Smokers don't smoke only at the restaurants, they can smoke at market, home, library, museum, public place…Smoking should be completely banned at public place. Smoking is very dangerous for people and country.
Smoker can't live without cigarette. They need to pay money for it. Nowadays mostly people all over the world specially people who live Asean have a cigarette with them all the time when they travel, eating, on the public place. We know smoking can give a bad smell, bad for health environment and can make brain disease, lung disease, heart disease, weak bones and yellow teeth. All these can make you waste money for hospital, time. One more it can make people around you get bad smell bad environment. Example: Public places have a lot of people smoking. What do you think? I think they don't want to visit because Environment is bad. One country don't have foreign come to visit it can make low economic that can't develop the country.
That said all the country should completely have banned the public places in the country this rule can reduce smoke in the country. It's good for public place that can make people who don't smoke want to visit, happy with travel, meeting and get fresh air.
Inconclusion I would say that the government or prime minister should to do more to encourage people to reduce their smoke in the public place. For other people and them get a good health don't waste money, time and it the best way to help atmosplere. 
 Today, smoking is a main issue that people around the world are very concerned about, it has a huge impact on human health, especially the elderly, pregnant women and children.  Most of these activities are always available on restaurants.

First, smoking in public places and restaurant should be banned because these two areas are overcrowded and can affect people in these areas as well. It greatly affects those around us because it smells bad and can make others feel bad. for example when you are go eat out or in the resturant and someone are smoking nearby you, it will make you feel bad and do not hungry anymore.
Secondly, smoking not only affects the smoker himself but also those nearby.  For example, in restaurants. Smoking being banned is a good thing that smokers should be follow because it shows knowledge, dignity, responsibility, and respect for each other's rights. I agree with the topic because smoking has a profound effect on the health of people directly and indirectly in the world.

In conclusion, Smoking in the restaurants should be banned and smokers should be aware of the circumstances as well as understand health issues, respect their rights, and not hurt the feelings of those around them.

 
Nowadays, many people have problems with their health. Most of them got sick because of smoking. Some other countries have banned smoking in public. On this point, I strongly agree with the view of  Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. 

Firstly, I think smoking might be harmful to customers who come to eat. Taking a pregnant woman as an example, she comes to eat and inhales the smell of cigarettes which gives the baby and mother problems. 

Secondly, it's bad for the environment in the place to eat and smell inside the restaurant. For example, people come to enjoy their food but smell cigarettes which makes them feel uncomfortable with the smell. 

Lastly, smoking is not good for people who come to spend their money to enjoy time with their family or friends and also it might affect other people whose allergic to the smell. It's caused many problems as well.

Overall, smoking is not good for health and affect more problems for the smoker and inhaler. It can cause a problem for pregnant women and the baby too. Also, it's bad for the environment and it's a bad habit of smoker that's not respect of each other. Smoker should reduce or stop smoke for their family or their future.   
     I agree smoking should be completely banned in the restaurant and also everywhere in our country. 
   Smoking is very bad for people. Smoke is very dangerous for health of people, it's destroy immune system of user and the people that stay near them also destroy their healthy, too. So, smoking should be ban at all restaurant in the country because there are many people that there to eat or buying some foods, it has affected for healthy. When someone smoking in the restaurant, it's make smell bad in this place. Nobody want to stay near them because they worry about their healthy or their life. You need more money on buying cigarette and also affect your health.​​ Also, smoking causes more problems to many in the family of those who smoke.  Example, when a father smoke cigarretes around the house, the smoke can go around the house, and this mean people smoke too. 

  I hope that the government will not allow to sell the cigarettes on marketing soon. The world can save is start from us. No Smoke No Cry. I think the goverment should create the laws to punish those people who smoke in restaurans. People who do not care about others in the society. 

 
 I absolutely agree to banning smoking but not only at restaurants. Also, another places, especially public places. Because smoking is affecting the people around the country. For example, you are smoking at public places and there are kids around. So, it can affect the kids because their health is not strong. But anyway, the old people are also effects. So, I think smoking completely banned at all restaurants in the country is a good opinion. If  we can ban smoking at restaurants, it will be protecting our health because for those people who can smoke are smoking at restaurant it may affect lungs of people that nearby. Moreover, countries should completely ban restaurants because it can reduce smoking, especially it can be represented for others country to see. As example, my father, and my brother, they smoke every day, and when they smoke the whole family can smoke like them. I want the government to set rules for not smoking, and they are should ban no ciggarette for all peole around the country and the world. 

I see that people who smoke their life is not long, they can die very young, I have noticed many people get sick in the hospital from everywhere in the country. 

In conclusion, the owner of the restaurant, must not allow people to smoke at their restaurant because they can make around to be sick and never get back to work or support their family after all.  
 I agree to reduce smoking because we know that there is not good for our health and also smoking  effect to our life and society. 
Smoking is very dangerous for recover people and the society, we know when people smoking is very bad for the society that has many people smoking this country runs slowly. 
The people who smoking  they cannot life without it they will smoke it any time and cigarette very effect to our country and society. Especially, it is effect to the family they always have conflict with each other. Moreover, they have to spend money for buying. It very effect to the day life. For example, if we smoking at home or at the public place when we smoking it very disturbing our neighbor.
However, Smoking it is very effective to the environment and effect to the young generation, As now day, very young people smoking when they have party at their school or at the other place. So it is very bad situation in our country right now.  
That's said all people should reduce to smoking we also have the law about smoking,One more thing, we have to check the identity card when the young generation to buy the cigarettes or smoking at the restaurant we should not sell to them. Therefore, we can reduce the people smoking day by day. 
In conclusion I would say that the government should do more active to encourage people to reduce their smoking the movement should make the strike policy for buy or smoking.
If the rule strike it will reduce the people to smoking and they will get the good health. 

Thanks. 
 Smoking is the simplest form of tobacco usage around the world. Other tobacco products include water pipe tobacco, various smokeless tobacco products, cigars, cigarillos, roll-your-own tobacco, pipe tobacco, bidis and kreteks according to WHO. Every year, 8 million people die due to the tobacco consumption while 1.2 million are the result of non-smokers being exposed to second-hand smoke referring to WHO report published on May 24, 2022. Majority of the world population advocate to ban smoking in all the restaurants around the world for some reasons.
Smoking shouldn't be allowed in all the restaurants around the world because smoking is tremendous health hazard. By smoking, one faces many disease such as cancer, heart disease, stroke, lung diseases, diabetes, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease said by Center for  Disease Control and Prevention. Additionally, smoking could lead to disability and harm nearly every organ of the body; for instance, at least 30 people live with serious smoking-related illness according to (CDCP). Therefore, smoking banning must be at the implementation stage in every restaurant around the world. 
Smoking should be banned in all the restaurants around the world because it would be other non-smoking people who might be indirectly impacted. Smoking in the restaurants is not only bad for the smoker, but it is also bad for other people. Moreover, it causes disturbance to others customers who expect good smell and taste of food; for instance, some people stop eating or getting allergic from the smoke. Furthermore, by not smoking the in the restaurant, the air quality inside the restaurant would be improved which is very significant for both employees and customers.
In conclusion, smoking should strictly banned in all restaurant around the world to reduce death rate of both smoker and non-smoker as well the air quality inside the restaurant.  
 People have their own habit. Some prefer playing sports during their free time, but others don't. Some prefer reading books, but others don't. Moreover, some people have got a habit of smoking tobacco and cigarette during their free time, in particular, some people smoke whenever they need. Then, is it good to ban smoking in the restaurant, where people get to for eating? To me, I answer YES based on some reasons as mentioned below.
People smoke thank to their habit, but some smoke because of their addiction. However, other people smoke because they think it is civilized and to attract other people, especially someone whom they fall in love. All the purposes of this smoke will impact to their health as a result. The World Health Organization also warn about that. Cigarettes are available everywhere now. It seems convenient for the smokers to find. The price of cigarette is seasonable, so it is easy for the smoker to afford their money to buy. On the other hand, a restaurant is a place for eating. An eating place should be nice, clean and sanitation because everyone wants to enjoy their meal. Furthermore, banning smoke in that place is also an attraction and sometimes if the service is good; food is yummy, the environment is fresh, but most people smoke there. Sooner or later, that place will become ugly and disgusting. Then no one wants to go and eat there. 
Finally, I want to encourage all restaurants put and apply this banning firmly in order to attract the customers and improve the health of the people in that community. As a result, people in that community will be healthier.  
 Restaurants are the places for eating, so it normally designs and decorates in the standard of the target customers; it might be local and international. However, it normally looks so clean and sanity. Thus, smoking should be banned.
At first, banning smoking in the restaurants might cause the environment clean, particularly the air that can make the customers feel relieved to breathe and enjoy their food. More importantly, it might cause the customers feel close to each other.
Second, banning smoking in the restaurants will not cause the concept of discrimination to one another in those sites. You know? In a restaurant, when someone smokes, other people will move away because they cannot stand for that smoke longer time. It is my experience; I always walk away when somebody smokes nearby. It makes me feel dizzy. Without smoking there, people might build up more relationship and that place will become the warming place for eating.
Finally, banning smoking in the restaurants will make people in general and customers in particular get healthier because the impact of smoking is not only the smoker, but also the absorber. Therefore, when one restaurant conducts this ban and customers love it, it might influence to other restaurants in that region and also in the whole country.
Concluding, I definitely agree with the ban of smoking in the restaurants, not only in the my mother country, but also around the whole to take part with the healthy program of the world health organization that is promoting health care every year to all the countries. Without smoking, the world will look even more beautiful and natural. 
 Restaurant is a place for eating. Eating place should be nice. To attractive people to come and eat in the restaurant, there are many should be counted such as good service, good food and good environment. Then do you thing smoking in a restaurant cause the environment horrible? The answer is YES with many reasons as follow.
The first one is smoking might cause the customers not to come and eat in that restaurant once again because many people don't like it and more than that people try to find a nice environment place for having meal. Finally, that restaurant will be closed.
The second reason is that the people will not enjoy the food, even that restaurant cook the best food. During eating, they smell cigarette smoke, that best food goes disgusting. Breathing that smoke while having meal make them feel dizzy sometimes.
The third reason is that if a restaurant permits the smoking in its place, it seems encourage people to smoke rather than finding the way of stop them from smoking. Then, that restaurant will become spoiled because they might get only the smoke groups coming to have meal there. It might be a simple way of killing people indirectly due to the massive death causing from smoking cigarette.
To make the story short, banning smoking in a restaurant should be practical and apply in general to the region, country and finally to the whole world in a hope that people will look healthier and they also could save money for healing the family members from illnesses causing from smoking the cigarette. However, not only the restaurants should be applied, but also other places like hotels markets, public sites, public institutes, cinemas, KTV, pubs and other tourists destination.
    
 People can be alive because they have enough things to eat. Smoking is smoke food for some people around the world. There are many kinds of cigarettes produced to respond to the need of the smokers. However, not all people smoke and not all people love smoking. This is how it should be banned in some places, especially the place to eat like restaurants.
When the smoke is banned in the restaurants, it attracts more people to come and enjoy their meal in that restaurant. Many people want find the place with fresh air to eat, so no smoking makes the air become fresh. When the air become fresh, they can breathe naturally and enjoy their meal in the healthy way.
Then, when it is banned, the people who work there will work smoothly without any obstacles take place. They can focus more on their work and all the personnel will be healthier. As a result, the restaurants will improve and the service will make all customers feel convenient. Finally, that place will receive more customers because of this reason.
Next, we can save many lives from smoking, not only people who come to eat in this restaurant, but also influence to other relevant ones to the people who come to eat here. When many places are banned, the smokers will meet difficulty in finding and place for smoking. As the result, they will try to reduce smoking and finally they will stop smoking successfully. Then when they stop smoking, the people from their family will not be impacted by this case and all people around the community will be developed.
Finally, smoking in the restaurants should be banned firmly, so to me I completely agree to the topic because there are many good things as mentioned above.
 
 Drug has been destroyed the world so far. A lot of people from both the developed countries and developing counties have addicted to it. There are many types of drugs such as stimulants, opioids, benzodiazepines, alcohol, marijuana, over-the-counter drugs. Then tobacco and cigarette are among of them. Do you think banning smoking in the restaurant is good or bad? They can say there are more bad points than good points.
The first bad point is health. Opening a restaurant successfully, the owners have to think of the location and quality of the service and food and decoration. Then thinking of health care for their customers is very important. When you don't permit the smoke to happen to that restaurant, the customers will be satisfied and enjoy their food in a healthy way without being annoyed by the smoke from somewhere in the that restaurant. 
The second one is fresh air. The environment in that restaurant will be spoiled if the smoke flow all over the complex. And then what happens to the people work are working there and also the people who are having meal there. No one can be safe from this matter. Finally, that restaurant will become the slumber, not eating places.
The good point is to attract the bad customers. If you allow the smoke in your restaurant, I am sure that your customers are only the one who are addicted to cigarette, not normal people. Eventually, those customers might cause more problems to happen.
Finally, I want to suggest that all restaurant should be banned the smoke because it might cause health problem for the customers and it might cause the air to be polluted and then it could attract only the addicted drug people to come to that restaurant.  
 Smoking has been the habit of people for along time. In the past, people loved smoking tobacco, both women and men did it, but nowadays, most of the smokers are men. People prefer smoking cigarette more than tobacco because the technology, which company can produce them. However, most number of the death people around the world caused from cigarette. Then it should be banned from in general public areas. How about in the restaurant?
In the restaurant, it could be a must for banning smoking there because it is not very good to allowed people smoke in the restaurants, where people consider it as the eating place. Thus, eating should be nice, clean and natural. After banning, it means that people smokers there; that restaurant would look amazing and attractive.
In another word, banning smoking in the restaurants might help with the champagne reducing having cigarette of the world health organization in general and the nation as a part. We would have the same dream that there is  no smoke as many place as possible in order that the government could continue their policy of improving health standard for the citizens. 
What's more, banning smoking in the restaurants might make more income to those places because it will attract more customers to have meal in those places and as a result, they would earn more money, much more than before banning. It happens that some people would bring their families there either.
In conclusion, banning smoking in the restaurant should be appreciate and encourage in order that people have the equal chance to take part with the WHO and the home country to improve the health of the people across the world. Then the people could smile at the earth and then the earth would smile at them. 
The Health World Organization says that Tobacco (item in the cigarette) kills more than 8 million direct users and 1.2  non-smokers are affected by second-hand smoke each year.
This is enough to prove that smoking cigarettes is not good for users and should be banned in public places. Based on this, I strongly agree that  smoking cigarettes should be completely banned at all restaurants in terms of health effects from the cigarette . 

Cigarettes and their smoke cause many health issues such as cancers, heart disease, stroke, and lung, and weaken your immune system. When you smoke, you blow the smoke all over the restaurant and splash it on your family, servants, kids, old people or maybe pregnant women through the atmosphere and air they breathe in. More danger, if the place installs air conditioners which can get all your smoke in then produce it out to everyone. Additionally, even if some people don't see the long-term impact of smoking to their health, they sure feel uncomfortable, and not healthy to enjoy their meal. Another impact to the restaurant owners, if they allow those people to smoke in, they could lose other customers as well, and there is absolutely no 5 stars rating. 

Last, smoking cigarettes should be banned everywhere in public not only in restaurants, as when you smoke, but its smoke will also blow along the air, yet as human beings, we need fresh air to breathe which leads us to good health conditions not risking with cancer, heart disease, or any kind of it that cause from cigarettes.  
Smoking happens almost everywhere all around the world, especially in the restaurant. It has a terrible effect on the smokers and also people who stay around. I strongly agree with the topic  Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country  thanks to three reasons.
First of all, smoking can cause a bad smell. For instance, when people smoke the cigarettes, they collect the smoke that come from the cigarettes into their mouths so that the smoke will cover their teeth and breathing system that can really make them have a bad breath for the smokers themselves and also people who stay around them when they talk with one another in the restaurants and other places. In addition, smoking can cause a lungs cancer for smokers and the people around that come to have a meal in the same restaurant. To illustrate, when you smoke the cigarettes, the smoke that comes from the cigarettes will be absorbed into your lungs that is an awful problem that makes you and the people around you have a lungs cancer. This kind of disease can ruin people health from day to day until people die from constant coughing. Last but not least, smoking can destroy people 's interest in having a meal. To demonstrate, the bad smell that comes from the cigarettes can really interrupt people's feeling during their delicious meal. This problem can produce the argument between the smokers and the customer who have a meal in the same place.
In conclusion, I completely agree with the topic above that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country due to the above- mentioned reasons, such as causing a bad smell, causing a lungs cancer, and destroying people's interest during having a meal. 
                    Smoking is being a hot topic for today's society. This activity causes a serious health problems that most people have known it already but they still do it. Many people die everyday because of the illnesses that is caused by the chemical ingredients inside the cigarettes. Smoking cigarettes is not only affect to the smokers' health but it also causes big health problems to their surroundings because of the smoke. Due to all of these problems, some of the places in the country have always hung up the warning posters to show that smoking is not allowed in that places. The restaurants is the place where people gather around to eat food and the atmosphere around the must clean so smoking should be completely banned at all of the restaurants in the country.  Moreover, it's a good idea to distance ourselves from the smoke of the cigarette if we want to be healthier and live longer. 
                         In conclusion, according to the effects of smoking cigarettes, I definitely agree that this of activities should be banned completely at all the restaurants in the country and helps people save some of their income from wasting money on cigarettes too.
 
