Yes. Smoking should be banned completely at all restaurants in the country because smoking is very harmful and bad for our health, especially when being exposed to children, pregnant women and those who have become a passive smoker inside the restaurants. Banning smoking at all restaurants is a good practice that can help people to live longer, improve their health and have a healthy lifestyle. Smoking is not only bad at the restaurants, but also unhygienic as the smoke produces ashes.  Although the restaurant provides an ashtray, the ashes that are being placed inside the tray can travel easily when exposed to the wind. Those ashes can spread and destroy the quality of the food without us knowing. All restaurants should not provide two different types of areas; the smoking room and non-smoking room, because it will encourage people to smoke anywhere at any time. Smoking produces smoke that leaves smells on the rooms, furniture and clothes. This might affect the room air quality of the restaurants as well. Personally, I dislike the smell of cigarettes. I come to enjoy my time appreciating the foods that I have ordered at the restaurant but I get disappointed because my clothes and stuff all smell like cigarettes. 
I agree with the statement because smoking is clearly bad for health and it affects both the smoker and the people nearby the smoker. However, it is impossible to completely stop people from smoking when and where they want. Some restaurants allow smoking by providing outdoor dining area to accommodate smokers who would want to enjoy their meals while they smoke. If the restaurant does not accommodate smokers by banning smoking completely, it would be a financial loss to the business itself because smokers also want to dine in at restaurants and have a good time, just like non-smokers. Customers, whether they are smokers or non-smokers, are the ones who should respect the rules and others around them while they are at restaurants. If the restaurant does not allow indoor smoking, the smoker must go outside to smoke to respect the rule made by the restaurant. If the restaurant bans smoking both inside and outside the building, then smokers should respect that rule and not smoke at all. Non-smokers who dine outside should also not be offended when they find customers smoke nearby them. Pregnant women should dine inside the restaurant. If they choose to dine outside the restaurant where smoking is allowed, then they cannot be upset when they find people smoking there.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country because it is really bad for health and pollutes the environment. In fact smoking should be completely banned at any public places. If people want to smoke at their own private homes, that should be fine. Restaurants are usually a place where people come to eat and dine with their family and friends so if people smoke inside the restaurant, it will create an uncomfortable environment for the others who don’t smoke. Some people may not mind the smell of tobacco but some others may feel irritated by it. Personally I don’t mind the scent of tobacco but smoking should be done outside in the open air and space. I think it is fine for restaurants that allow smoking outside to provide ashtrays for the cigarette butts. It is annoying to find people littering the butts on the ground. Some people don’t realise that the cigarette that they have smoked are still lit when they throw it on the ground. This can cause unintentional fire to spread. Tobacco industry will never stop producing cigarettes but all public places such as restaurants have the right to ban smoking whether indoors or outdoors for the safety of everyone.
The risk of smoking can be detrimental to the people who are exposed to the smoke produced by tobacco types of cigars as it can cause several lung problems to the person who inhales it, i.e. passive smokers. However, it may or not be affected by the type of e-cigars like vaping as they have different types of compositions. Moreover, both, tobacco and e-cigar types can be addictive and much needed for smokers to inhale it and survive. The addiction can occur at random times such as when in a restaurant. It is comforting for smokers to relieve the desire to smoke when in a restaurant. However, the smoker must be far away from other people when smoking to reduce the risk of inhaling the smoke. Moreover, proper ventilation is needed to remove the smoke from other people to inhale it. This will also be helpful if the restaurant provides a space for the smoker to smoke and makes other non-smoking people not rest assured without thinking about the consequences of the smokers. Therefore, for these reasons, completely banning smoking in a restaurant is not necessary unless the restaurant provides a space and installation of good ventilation in the restaurant for the smokers and non-smokers to feel comfortable.
I agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country because there are no good benefits that come from smoking cigarettes. When a person is smoking, the non-smoking person next to them also inhales the bad ingredients released from the cigarette. If the non-smoking person has breathing problems such as asthma, he or she will experience breathing difficulty because of the smoke. People usually just want to eat, talk, and drink when they sit in a restaurant. If people smoke inside the restaurant, the smoke can be unpleasant to others. In cafes, usually there is a warm smell of coffee but if people smoke inside a café, the smoke ruins the smell of coffee and that is very unpleasant to the others who want to enjoy the café environment. So smoking can also ruin the restaurant experience. In my opinion, people who want to smoke should go outside the restaurant or café and smoke outside. If they only smoke when they are in their own homes or inside their cars, that is even better because that is their own business and health concern. At least the smoke can’t be inhaled by others who do not want to get the dangerous risks of inhaling cigarette smoke. Many countries have no-smoking law in public places which include restaurants as well. 
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. There are several reasons behind this. Firstly, health concerns where the fumes or the smokes from a cigarette can be harmful to those people around. This could lead them to be a passive smoker, and affects their overal health. It is especially dangerous when these fumes are exposed to infants, younger children, pregnant woman, and old people. The smokes may also triggers breathing difficulties for people with asthma. Restaurant is a place for family bonding, a place to enjoy foods and perhaps, a place to chill. It should not be a place where someone's health could be at a risk. It should not be a place to make someone feel uncomfortable because of the smokes. It should not be a place where people cannot enjoy their time regardless of them dining alone or with others. Secondly, a restaurant is usually equipped with highly flammable appliances or things, such as gas. Smoking at a restaurant increases the risk of accidental fire, which will lead to damages and loss to the restaurat. There are incidents where restaurants caught fire just because someone had forgotten to properly dispose cigarettes. They may have been unaware that the cigarette was still lit and winds may have carried the lit cigarette to nearby electrical appliances or dry flammable materials located near the restaurants. Such incidents would not only cause a huge loss to the property of the restaurant but also concerns of the safety of the people inside the restaurant. Lastly, foods can be contaminated with the smokes or particles coming out from the cigarette, decreasing the overall quality of the food.
Smoking should definitely be banned in all restaurants. This could be a very biased opinion since I do not smoke, but when I go to a restaurant, I come to enjoy the food, not to smoke or to inhale smoke. Personally, I would find it rude to smoke in a restaurant especially if it is indoor settings, because second-hand smoke is not only detrimental to my health, but also towards those who are working in the restaurant. Because smoking can cause a lot of health issues like lung cancer and heart disease. Second-hand smoke can cause respiratory issues like asthma, for instance, and harmful for vulnerable people like pregnant women and the elderly that are eating in a restaurant. I would generally want to a restaurant and to enjoy my meal without the nuisance of inhaling second-hand smoke. Not only its uncomfortable but it can sour the experience for everyone that does not smoke. This might negatively affect the ratings or reviews of a restaurant that doesn't ban smoking, which might cause a lot of non-smokers to avoid visiting a restaurant that does not enforce smoking bans. Plus, I think that smoking bans would encourage people to stop smoking, which is good in terms of public health in the long run in Brunei. If people still want to smoke after their meal, there should at least be a designated smoking area that would cater to customers that smoke. Since I believe that everyone deserves to have clean air while enjoying his or her meals.
I am fully agree with this. Personally, I think it should be banned from other public places as well. Which is exactly what the Brunei government did. The problem with people smoking in public places is that they are causing inconvenience, and more importantly, harm to the surrounding people. The smoke can be uncomfortable to some people. Not just because of the smell, but because of the smoke itself. The cigarette, as we know, are harmful to us humans. The danger is even worse to the surrounding people, which is called the passive smoker. If smoking itself is harmful and highly discouraged, being a passive smoker should be even worse. Thus, justifying that it should be banned from public places. Public places is a shared space with other people. People should not act as if it is their home. Even at home, they should not harm their own family or friends by making them a passive smoker. In short, smoking around other people is discouraged for both public and private places. In my humble opinion, the Brunei government did the right thing. Any opinion stating otherwise should be rejected. People can express their opinion, but if it were up to me, I would reject the opinion after listening to it and trying to considerately understand the different perspective.
It is very important that smoking any kind of cigarette and its kind be banned completely in public places especially in closed and crowded settings. It is well known that smoking brings way more harm than good to active smokers as smoking can contribute to numerous lung-related issues, such as compromised breathing, bad breaths, and lung cancer. In public places, such as in restaurants, having just one active smoker within the vicinity can make everyone else passive smokers. The smoke of the burning cigarettes can also pollute the surrounding air, causing inconvenience to other people and not to mention contaminating the food and drinks being served in the restaurants. It is essential that restaurants to not just follow the standard operating procedures in preparing food and drinks, but also to implement strict guidelines when it comes to the environment in which their products are served so as to maintain the quality of the products being sold and the health of the customers. Furthermore, the customers are of different age, which include children and the elderly. These people are at an even higher risk of developing lung-related issues caused by smoking compared to the general population. Thus, banning smoking is both an act of protecting health and also respecting others, particularly the young and old generations.
First of all, cigarette is made from substances including tar, nicotine, and carbon monoxide. Smoking can make the smoker become addicted of the cigarette. Other than that, it can affect others that smell the smoke called passive smoker. Smoking is very bad for a person’s health. In Islamic context, smoking is forbidden in Islam. It is ‘haram’ as far as the statement from the State Mufti’s Office. So, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Although, some scholars say it is ‘makruh’, but it is important to focus for our health being. So, as far as I know, in Brunei there is law about forbidding of smoking in public places. So, it includes restaurants. In fact, some country not banning people to smoke in public but In Brunei specifically, it should be banned. In my opinion, it is a good way to reduce smoking in a country that can make people live peacefully. It is very bad decision if a country decide to not ban smoking activities in public places. I remember reading that tobacco kills more than 8 million people each year and that includes around 1 million non-smokers who are exposed to second-hand smoke. I also found that the majority of the world's smokers are actually living in low and middle-income countries. Finally, smoking is very bad that can make smoker can damage their lungs and affect other non-smokers. For me, I agree smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
I completely agree with this, except that it should be banned not only at restaurants but any public spaces in general. I personally think that people who smoke openly are selfish people who do not care for others and they deserve punishments. Smoking in itself is already harmful for the smokers’ health but spreading that harm for innocent people who do not even smoke is very irresponsible. If one is so desperate to smoke then perhaps find an enclosed space or smoke only at their personal areas (i.e. their homes). Moreover, not only is smoking bad for the health, but in Brunei, I am pretty sure that it had been made illegal to even bring in cigarettes. But of course, the people here have found ways to bring them in secretly anyway. Breaking that rule is one thing but smoking them in public just makes it worse. Focusing the no-smoking-rule in restaurants, I do not think that such rule should even be overtly announced in restaurants to begin with because restaurants are places where people eat, and having the smokes from cigarettes would ruin the customers’ experience, surely. Although, these shameless smokers might not realise the unpleasantness that they bring to non-smokers. Other than the smell from the smokes, some even litter their cigarettes buds everywhere in public! This is a problem because not only does this disrupt public cleanliness, the toxins from these cigarettes buds are also bad for the environment. I personally do not see any advantages for smoking cigarettes so I do not think that it should be banned only at restaurants and frankly, I think it would do us all a favour if it ceased to exist altogether.
I'm afraid I have to disagree smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants. Firstly, smoking should not be treated like a crime or discriminated against. I believe that it is people's choice to smoke. However, with everything, comes a risk. However, to combat smoking in restaurants, restaurants should allocate an area where people can smoke. This may be more effective in preventing children from inhaling cigarette smoke which we know how harmful it is to inhale second-hand smoke. In my opinion, all restaurants should have an open area designated for smokers. They should have both an indoor and outdoor seating area. The outdoor area can be used by smokers while being served food but realistically, smokers usually start smoking after they are done with their meal and start socialising with their fellow smokers. Another reason is that banning smoking in restaurants may affect businesses. The traffic may become slower. Smokers would have to smoke out of sight to prevent people from seeing them or being fined. Consequently, banning smoking will drive away customers and they will not have a strong desire to dine in for a long time. They would feel the need to hastily go and seek for a place to smoke. 
It should be banned totally in the restaurants and it doesn't matter where in Brunei. Brunei had already implemented this rule not to allow the public to smoke in restaurants and open air. These really help the country as this is one of the ways to improve the country’s economy and the health of the people in Brunei. Because of this Bruneians have somehow dropped in the number of population who are smoking. Having smokers to sit around after eating with non-smokers also had caused bad impact on the non-smokers especially for newborns and near sick people who had asthma and heart problems and also near pregnant women. So it is really a good decision to ban people from smoking in the restaurants. We are not only helping our children and family but indirectly we are also helping our future generations and the country. By not smoking, we will not have littering of cigarettes on the ground and fire accidents such as house and forest fires. Smokers do not realise if the cigarettes that they throw away are still burning. The government had spent countless money to pay for sick people having because of cigarettes. Bruneians are just so lucky that medicine and consultation is free.
As a smoker myself, I have to say I disagree. I enjoy the taste of cigarette ashes on my meals. It is like a little treat for me, I could take a huge puff and down it with a spoonful of soup. I think banning it would only encourage people to be more violent and angry all the time since smoking is a way to get relaxed and stress-free. My father was a smoker and so was my mother and my grandfather and his father before that. They always fought at the dinner table while I was a child and the only reason was because they were so dry for not smoking while having dinner. This was because my little sister had asthma and so everybody had to cater to her which sucked because then everyone would be in a bad mood. I have brought this on in my adult life and now am a smoker. I think it would be best to allow smoking in restaurants. I also think it actually makes the food taste better. Sooner or later, normalizing this will eventually normalize the smell and effects of smoking to the public. I also think restaurants would make more profit by allowing smoking, they could release their own cigarette merchandise and have cute little ashtrays to sell. I think it would make the business mainstream. While we are used to food-eating competitions, they could attract more customers with smoking competitions to be more inclusive to the communities of smokers. I conclude that we should be more open to smoking in restaurants and have the restaurants be hazed with thick smoke which could then cause a fire hazard but what matters is that people can happily enjoy a ciggie while also having a bite of their favorite meal.
I am of two minds about the statement. On one hand, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because of the health risks and concerns caused by inhaling cigarette smoke. The smoke is harmful to everyone regardless of their age and gender, but especially to the elderly, pregnant women, children, babies, and people who have asthma. A lit cigarette is also dangerous and can cause an accidental fire inside the restaurants, for example, if the tablecloth or napkins catch fire. The smoke of the cigarette is also unpleasant to those who do not like it. So while dining in a restaurant, inhaling the smell of the smoke may make others uncomfortable and that would ruin the dining experience. On the other hand, I disagree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because if the restaurant provides a designated area for smoking, that should not be a problem. The smokers and non-smokers can be separated while dining in the same restaurant. The smoking area should be hygienic and provided with ashtrays but without combustible materials present. That means no tablecloth, napkins, tissues, carpets, paper menu, and so on. The restaurant staff that can serve food in the smoking area should be those who are comfortable with cigarette smoke. Moreover, restaurants that cater to smokers and non-smokers would attract more customers.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are several reasons in my opinion on why it should be banned first and foremost the most important is health issues. By banning smoking in restaurants, it can hinder smokers a bit while they are not in a restaurant, but healthwise if they continue to smoke in restaurants, they can also affect other people even if they don't smoke. They are called passive smokers. There are cases where a person who doesn't smoke gets lung cancer by being around a smoker for a period of time. This can affect children as well as having breathing issues. By allowing smoking in a restaurant, it introduces a risk of fire as many items in a restaurant are flammable. The smell is another factor as the smell sticks to the fabric in my opinion and can be hard to get rid of. Based on my experience, in the restaurants I have been to which allow smoking, the walls are yellowed due to the smoke and degraded faster and is hard to breathe in. All in all, I agree that it should be banned in restaurants for the sake of the health of customers and smokers alike.
I agree to this statement, only due to the fact that I personally know someone that has suffered from lung cancer, even though they were not the ones who smoked. They inhaled smoke as a second-hand smoker so I do think smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country, now I understand some people cannot live without their nicotine so I believe a compromise should be done which is to allow the smokers an area where they can smoke and ensure that it's ventilated and away from the rest of the citizens. There has been much too many cases of people getting it due to second-hand smoking and I personally would like to live for a long time. And considering restaurants are public areas I can only imagine the issues if kids or babies were around that type of air. It is just not healthy. I think smokers should also think of the life if they have their loved ones with them. Some smokers have chosen to chew gums instead of smoking to gradually reduce their nicotine craving. Some smokers chose to do exercises instead so they will be distracted from thinking of smoking. When they are tired after exercising, they will shower and sleep early so they do not have the time to smoke. Some smokers simply have the determination to stop smoking once they get married or know that their wives got pregnant. 
I agree that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in the country. For now, I can only think of three reasons. The reasons are because of health, environment, and social or public comfort. First of all, smoking is really bad for health. It harms not only the smokers but also the people around them who breathe in the smoke. Not everyone can stand inhaling cigarette smoke. It can be extremely annoying to some people. For the non-smokers who inhale the smoke, it can cause serious health problems like lung cancer, heart disease, and even breathing problems such as asthma. Besides, restaurants should be places where people can eat comfortably and relax without worrying about their health. Secondly, banning smoking in restaurants can help the environment. Air pollution is already bad, especially during the extremely hot weather in Brunei. People would do open fire to dispose their wastes, which I think is really bad for the environment. So if there are cigarette butts, that will add to littering and of course air pollution as well. I think, without smoking, the inside and outside of restaurants will be cleaner. We also won't have to deal with as much trash from cigarette butts and ashes. Lastly, without smoking inside or outside restaurants is better for everyone socially. Families with babies or children and people who don't smoke can enjoy their meals without being bothered by the smoke. This makes restaurants more welcoming and comfortable for all customers, which can also help businesses attract more people.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants. The Brunei government has banned smoking in all public places so I can only find people smoking in the comfort of their homes. I never smoked in my life but I used to think that people look cool when they smoke. Now that I’m older and wiser, I’m glad that I never smoked. Restaurants are public places where people come for the dining experience with their family and friends. For the comfort of everyone in the restaurant, smoking should not be done inside the restaurant. Not only that the cigarette smoke is harmful to health, it also contributes to safety concerns of the restaurant’s staff and customers. Smoking not only harms the smokers but also the people around them who breathe in the smoke. Some people can tolerate inhaling cigarette smoke, some cannot. It can be bothersome to some. It is also not fair for second-hand smokers to have serious health problems like lung cancer because they do not consent to breathing in the smoke. It can only be fair if only the smokers have lung cancer. Although I have seen restaurants such as in France where there are outdoor open smoking areas, the smoke can travel inside the restaurant. Pedestrians who pass by can still inhale the smoke. I know that I must consider the rights of smokers to smoke, but smoking can be done privately and responsibly. 
This honestly shouldn't even be a question. There is only one answer: yes. Not only does this apply to restaurants, but to other public and private areas as well. Elaborating on the reasons why won't take long, since there is clearly only one answer. Smoking does not only affect your health, but it affects your mental well-being and relationships as well. This is quite embarassing to admit, but if it helps me reach my point across then I don't mind sharing this personal information. I grew up with a father who smokes, so I often hear complaints about the stench and how harmful it is from my other family members. Since the idea of smoking was introduced to me at a very young age, I never really batted an eye over my father's actions. However, I've recently noticed how he started coughing more often which worries me to death. I can't help but think about how much time I have left with him every time I see him smoking. Despite our warnings, quitting smoking is much harder than it seems. It's addicting to smokers, and it takes a very long time for people to quit. Banning smoking in restaurants implies that people are allowed to smoke somewhere else, and encourages them to smoke in hiding. That way, it's harder for us to catch them in action. Instead, I suggest we ban and offer them help in the form of therapy or a substitute to help smokers get over their addiction.
As one of the common causes of lung problems and even death, smoking should be banned not only in restaurants but in almost all places in the country. Smoking can harm people based on two categories, the smokers and those surrounding the smokers. Focusing on restaurant situations, first, smoking may harm the smokers. In this case, their health would be the most risked from smoking. This is because the harmful substances that have affected the lungs may cause difficulty in breathing. In restaurants that serve smoked foods, the smokes may add to the breathing difficulty aside from the side effects of smoking tobacco. Not only that, but smoking may also cause other health problems such as headaches, yellow eyes, teeth and fingernails, and also nausea which may further make it difficult to consume food. In restaurants, smokers may find it difficult to eat even though they may have the appetite. This would not only trouble themselves but also the staffs who put their time into making the foods. Second, smoking may also harm the surrounding of the smokers. In restaurants, smokers may pose a potential risk in making other customers become passive smokers due to inhaling the smoke. Not only that, ashes that fall on top of the tables may also be harmful if not cleaned properly before the next customers use the tables. Not only directly on the customers, but the smoke and ashes from tobacco that go around the room may diffuse into the foods and may also indirectly lead into harmful substances being consumed by the customers. All these possible situations may also lead to lung problems for the customers, headaches, and possibly other health issues, and they are especially harmful to young children and those who are pregnant.
I completely agree with the statement because of many reasons. First, smoking cigarettes itself is bad for health and the quality of air. Smoking can cause many health problems like lung cancer and respiratory issues. Smoking cigarettes is destroying the lungs. The smoke itself is not pleasant to smell and it could linger on the clothes worn by the smoker. Smoking can also cause dental problems like having tar residue between the teeth and yellowing the teeth. The bad and dangerous ingredients from cigarette smoke are not only harmful to smokers but also to second-hand smokers. In fact, it is more dangerous to the second-hand smokers because their clean lungs are not used to the smoke. The other group of people who can be badly affected from inhaling the smoke are pregnant women, infants, and asthmatic people. Second, restaurants are places where people eat and drink and enjoy their time with their family or friends or by themselves. No sane people would want to have the taste of their food ruined by the cigarette smoke. Third, smoking in restaurants is really dangerous because it can cause fire to start. The ash from the cigarettes can also make the restaurants dusty and dirty. Lastly, the smoke can cause stress to the staff and customers who do not like it. They might leave the restaurants.
As a student of health sciences myself, I definitely agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurants. Smoking is not only harmful to our health but it is also harmful to the environment. Just with one lit cigarette, the harmful smoke can badly affect the respiratory system of the smoker and also others who inhale the smoke. Restaurant types can be open or closed spaces. If someone smokes while sitting in a restaurant, the smoke can be inhaled by others whether the restaurant is open or closed space. Most people wouldn’t enjoy eating their meals while also inhaling the cigarette smoke so that would ruin their dining experience in restaurants. Customers can also be people with asthma, pregnant women, children and those who don’t like cigarette generally. So if someone smokes at a restaurant, that is selfish and inconsiderate of others. But I’m aware of restaurants that provide a smoking space so smokers can dine there. Smokers are people too, so if restaurants provide a smoking space, that is to accommodate the smokers and non-smokers but that would mean the staff must be comfortable with that too. Some of the staff may not want to enter the smoking area, so that means there should be members of the staff who are fine with smoking. There should be extra safety precaution implemented in the smoking space so that no fire can start from the lit cigarette or the ashes, like no tablecloths or napkins on the dining tables, no carpets, and fire extinguishers must be present and ready in the room.  
I have to disagree because I grew up in a family of smokers. Although I don’t smoke, my dad and grandfather always smoke after lunch and dinner so I’m used to being around smokers since I was young. I can say that I’m a passive smoker since I was young and I’m not bothered by people smoking. I understand the country’s law to ban smoking in public places is to reduce the bad impact of smoking but people like my dad and grandfather still smoke at home and when driving in cars. They never complained about the banning of smoking though. I guess they agree to do it responsibly so they don’t get fined. In other countries that are okay with smoking at restaurants, the smokers are smoking outside of the restaurants. That way the people are separated into two areas. For people like me who don’t mind the smoke, they would sit wherever. For pregnant women and people with asthma, they should sit indoors. I guess it all depends on the people themselves. The cigarette makers won’t stop producing cigarettes but if no people buy them, so they will have to close down their business. If restaurants allow smoking, that can be profitable for them.
I totally think smoking should be banned in all restaurants. It's just not cool for public health, non-smokers, and the overall dining vibe. First off, smoking is really bad for everyone's health, not just the smokers but also for those who breathe in the secondhand smoke. Secondhand smoke has all kinds of dangerous chemicals and can cause breathing problems, heart disease, and even cancer in non-smokers. Banning smoking in restaurants would keep customers and staff safe from these health risks and make it a better, healthier environment for everyone. Plus, lots of people hate the smell of smoke, and it can totally ruin the dining experience. Restaurants want to create a chill and enjoyable atmosphere for their customers, and having smoke around can really mess that up. Having a smoke-free environment means that everyone can enjoy their meals without dealing with the unpleasant smell or health concerns from secondhand smoke. Also, banning smoking in restaurants fits with the bigger effort to get people to smoke less and live healthier lives. Many countries that have put similar bans in public places have seen good results, like fewer people smoking and better public health. These measures also encourage smokers to cut back or even quit so that’s making life better for everyone. Some might say that smoking bans take away personal freedom, but I think it's important to think about the rights of individuals and the safety of the public. Having a smoke-free environment in restaurants is way better than the downsides, giving everyone a healthier and more enjoyable dining experience.
I agree with the banning of smoking at restaurants. The danger of cigarette smoke affects whoever breathes in the smoke, that means the smokers themselves and those who indirectly inhale the smoke in the air. Smoking, both directly and indirectly, can cause the lungs to deteriorate and the worst outcome is lung cancer. For people with asthma, the smoke can cause uncontrollable coughing and breathing problem. By banning smoking in restaurants, it can help increase public health awareness and cleaner air. Since restaurants are places to dine in and enjoy our meals and where the staff work and cook, the air inside should be clean from any pollutants. By banning smoking, restaurants don’t need to prepare ashtrays or worry about the fire hazards of cigarettes. Restaurants can prepare napkins and tablecloths for the dining table, and carpeting for the floors. Without the cigarette ends and ashes, cleaning up the restaurants is also easier for the staff. Without the smoke travelling around inside or outside the restaurants, the dining scene is comfortable and pleasant to the eyes and attract people to have meals there. Although the banning of smoking at restaurants can still make people smoke anywhere else, smoking should be done with responsibility and consideration of other people.  
I 100% agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country because nothing good comes from smoking. First and foremost, smoking in restaurants carries serious health risks not only to smokers but also to non-smokers especially pregnant women and people with respiratory problems. Secondhand smoke is more dangerous because it can cause heart disease, lung disease, and even cancer. When people go out to enjoy a meal, they should not be exposed to harmful toxins that could jeopardize their health. People should be able to enjoy good food and good company in a clean and pleasant environment without their taste of food being ruined by the smoke. In its common sense, the main reason why smoking is banned in restaurants is to encourage more people to quit smoking. In a way, if smoking is causing inconvenience to smokers, they may find it much easier to cut back or quit smoking altogether. This could lead to a healthier population overall and at the same time reduces the burden on healthcare systems and improve public health. On the other hand, people who are against the ban might say that it's too much government control and takes away the personal freedoms of people who choose to smoke. But they are still allowed in their private homes so that’s still their freedom.
As everyone aware that smoking is hazardous, not only to the smoker itself but also to others, which also called as a passive smoker. Hence, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country due to its causes and smoking can pollute the environment. We should ban smoking in restaurants to make the dining experience better for everyone. Non-smokers, especially kids and people with breathing problems, shouldn't have to deal with secondhand smoke while trying to enjoy a meal. Secondhand smoke can cause all sorts of health issues, from minor annoyances like coughing and eye irritation to serious conditions like heart disease and lung cancer. On top of that, having smoke-free restaurants would also make these places cleaner and more pleasant. The smell of tobacco can put off many customers and even affect the taste of the food. In contrast, a smoke-free environment would create a fresher, more enjoyable dining experience, which could attract more customers and improve the restaurant's reputation. Banning smoking in restaurants would also be a big step in reducing smoking overall. It would show how important public health is and might make smokers think twice about their habit. By doing this, the country could make big strides in protecting its citizens' health, keeping the environment clean, and promoting a healthier, livelier community.
I would disagree because many restaurants offer both outdoor and indoor dining spaces which allow a variety of experiences. Some people, especially those visiting cafés or restaurants after work or on weekends, enjoy relaxing with a cigarette while hanging out with friends. For them, smoking is a must-have part of their dining experience, particularly after a meal when they consider it the perfect time to smoke. If all restaurants in the country were to ban smoking, these customers might choose to stop visiting altogether and they might search for other restaurants where they can smoke freely. This could lead to a decline in business for restaurants that ban smoking because they may lose some of their regular customers. I think the perfect solution is to balance the needs of both smokers and non-smokers. Restaurants could implement innovative ways to cater both smokers and non-smokers rather than enforcing a complete ban. For example, providing designated smoking areas with proper ventilation systems or smoke vacuums to ensure that non-smokers are not disturbed by the smoke. Additionally, using ashtrays or aluminium trash bins specifically for cigarette disposal to help maintain cleanliness and reduce environmental impact. For indoor dining areas, closing windows and using effective air filtration systems to prevent cigarette smoke from entering and disturbing non-smoking customers. By adopting these measures, restaurants can create an environment where all customers feel comfortable and respected. This solution would help retain loyal customers who prefer the option to smoke while dining, and ensure that they continue to enjoy their time at their favourite rertaurants.
I would say I agree but also disagree on the banning of smoking. Smoking is really bad for our health, especially the secondhand smoke from tobacco cigars. It can mess up the lungs if we are around it a lot. E-cigarettes, or vaping, might not be as bad for people around the smoker but they can still be addictive. Smokers often feel the need to smoke at unexpected times, like when they're dining out. But they need to be considerate and not expose others to the smoke. Good ventilation is key to keeping the air clean and making sure everyone can enjoy their time at the restaurant. If restaurants have designated smoking areas and good ventilation, then maybe a complete ban on smoking is not necessary. However, even with designated smoking areas, there are still concerns about the effectiveness of separating smokers from non-smokers because smoke can easily travel through open spaces. This means that non-smokers could still be exposed to harmful substances. The presence of smoking areas might also encourage smoking especially among young people who are still forming their habits and beliefs about tobacco use. Experts on public health often advocate for stricter regulations and they always argue that a complete ban on smoking in public places is the most effective way to protect everyone's health and reduce smoking rates overall. But the source of the problem is the industrial production of tobacco. Smokers might find ways to get their hands on the cigarettes. 
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Brunei. It is really important to ban smoking in public places, especially in enclosed and crowded spaces. Smoking causes a lot of harm, like respiratory problems, bad breath, tartar on teeth, teeth yellowing, and a higher risk of lung cancer for active smokers. Even just one person smoking in a public space like a restaurant can expose everyone else to secondhand smoke, basically making them passive smokers. This not only ruins the air quality but also affects the food and drinks being served. This can make the whole dining experience worse and possibly harm the health of all customers. Restaurants need to follow strict guidelines to ensure that their environment is clean and safe for everyone, not just in food preparation but also in where the products are consumed. This is because it is really important for keeping the quality of the products high and the customers healthy. Since customers include people of all ages, especially kids, pregnant women and the elderly who are more at risk from secondhand smoke, the complete banning of smoking is essential. This is because it is not just about protecting public health but it is also about respecting others, especially the younger and older generations who deserve a safe and healthy environment. At the end of the day, banning smoking in public places is a necessary step to create a healthier society and make sure that everyone can enjoy public spaces without being exposed to harmful substances.
I disagree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants. Firstly, I appreciate the health concerns related to smoking and the importance of protecting non-smokers, but I believe that there could be a more balanced approach to solve the rights of smokers and non-smokers. Perhaps it is by having designated areas for smoking outdoors so that non-smokers can dine inside the restaurants. If restaurants do this, it could provide a compromise that respects the preferences of both smokers and non-smokers. At the same time, it could increase the business profits earned by the restaurants because it would attract more customers to come and dine there. By allowing on-site smoking, restaurants should also take into account the health and safety of their staff and the areas. This means that only staff who are comfortable with smoking can serve food and beverages in the smoking area. The staff should also be aware of the disposal of the cigarette butts to ensure that they are properly unlit. The restaurants should also keep both indoor and outdoor dining areas clean. It is also important to consider the potential impact of banning smoking on businesses because a total ban could affect the overall dining experience and customer satisfaction. Customers who used to enjoy smoking at the restaurants might no longer come to dine there.
I totally agree with the banning of smoking not just in restaurants, but also in all public spaces, for example at bus stops, outside of public buildings, while driving the car, and at recreational parks. In my opinion, smokers who smoke publicly are the carriers of heart and lung diseases of people because they don’t care about the health risks imposed by second-hand smoking on others. They also don’t care about the pollution caused by the smoke and littering of the cigarette butts in the river, sewers, and on the ground. Despite the general knowledge that smoking is harmful to one’s health, selfish smokers don’t care if they are also harming the health of others. The smoke gets mixed with clean air, the air becomes contaminated and non-smokers bear the consequence of second-hand smoking. Not only that it’s a selfish behaviour, but it’s also unfair to non-smokers. The idea of smoking in restaurants is beyond comprehension. Eating meals at restaurants with your company, such as your friends and family and even alone, should be a pleasant experience. The air should be clean, the room should smell of delicious warm food and drinks, the tables should be clean, and the customers should be smiling and laughing while enjoying the meals. Smoking in restaurants destroys this pleasant experience because the air is now filled with smoke, the room smells of cigarettes, the food and drinks now smell of cigarettes, the tables now have cigarette ashes, and the non-smokers are coughing and irritated by the presence of the smoke. In my opinion, if smokers want to smoke, they should do that in a space with no one else around them. They should also be responsible to throw the butts properly. This way, they respect non-smokers and the environment.
As someone with a deep interest in diseases, I have always been aware of the dangers and harm of smoking cigarettes. Cigarette smoke can cause lung and heart-related diseases and cancer whether you inhale it directly or passively. This is because the lungs must work extremely hard to filter the contaminated air while all the toxicants stay in the lungs and enter the bloodstream. Once the toxicants enter the bloodstream, they then contaminate the heart, brain, and other vital organs.  We can imagine how polluted the air can be if smoking is allowed inside the restaurant. The fact that restaurants are places where people of all ages come to enjoy their meals, I think everyone would agree that when we want to enjoy our meals at restaurants, we want the place to be nice and clean. Therefore, I am completely on board with the banning of smoking at all restaurants. Not just at all restaurants but at all public buildings and facilities. However, I grew up and was raised in a household where my dad was the one who smoked. When I was young, I always asked my dad why he enjoyed smoking so much. The reason is that I always watch the health advertisement on TV where a smoker’s lungs become completely damaged. I admit that I was a passive smoker because I remember inhaling the smoke when my dad was smoking outside the house. I believe that people who smoke in public areas prioritize their personal pleasure over the health risks they pose to others.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned because cigarettes are full of health-harming substances and toxic chemicals like tar, nicotine, and carbon monoxide, all of which are really bad for our health. Tar can gunk up the lungs and lead to lung cancer. Nicotine is addictive, which is why people find it so hard to quit once they start. Carbon monoxide is a poisonous gas that messes with how much oxygen our blood can carry, causing heart and lung problems over time. The harm of smoking extends beyond the smokers. Second-hand smoke, which comes from both the cigarette and the smoker’s exhalation, is dangerous for anyone nearby. These passive smokers can end up with respiratory infections, heart disease, and even cancer just from being around the smoke. This makes smoking really risky in public places, especially small spaces like restaurants. Many countries have implemented a law that bans smoking in public places, including restaurants, which is great for protecting public health. Letting people smoke in public places is a bad idea for any country. Most of the world’s smokers live in low- and middle-income countries, where healthcare systems are already strained. So it’s even more important to prevent smoking-related illnesses through public health measures like smoking bans. The only thing that smoking does is mess up the lungs and put others at risk, especially in public places. That’s why I strongly believe smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in the country. This would protect non-smokers and help reduce the number of smokers, leading to a healthier society overall.
Smoking is a well-known health hazard. It doesn’t just harm the smoker. Second-hand smoke is a serious threat to anyone nearby. The harm includes increased risks of heart disease, respiratory issues, and even cancer for non-smokers who are simply unfortunate enough to be around smokers. But the damage caused by smoking doesn’t stop at physical health. Smoking can also take a toll on mental well-being and relationships. It’s not something people often talk about but the strain it puts on families can be immense. Smoking is an addiction and breaking free from it is not just a matter of willpower. It’s a long, exhausting process that most of the time requires serious support from families and even professionals. Some smokers would even go through therapy, support groups, or substitutes like nicotine patches or gum to fight their addiction. Now, when we talk about banning smoking in restaurants, we’re not just telling people they can’t smoke here. We’re telling them that they should go somewhere else to do it. However, this doesn’t solve the problem. It just pushes it out of sight. Smokers might become sneaky and hide their habit, making it harder for loved ones to intervene or offer support. The government needs to back it up with genuine support for those trying to quit. That way, we’re not just making the world a safer place for non-smokers. We’re giving smokers a fighting chance to reclaim their health and happiness.
First off, smoking is a major health risk, not just for the smoker but for everyone around them. This is a big deal for vulnerable groups like babies, kids, pregnant women, and older people. These people are especially sensitive to smoke, and it can cause all sorts of health problems such as respiratory infections, make asthma worse, and even contribute to major issues like heart disease and cancer in adults. If someone already has a condition like asthma, just being around cigarette smoke can make it hard for them to breathe. Restaurants are supposed to be places where families can hang out, enjoy some good food, and relax. It’s where everyone should feel safe and comfortable, without worrying about their health. But when there’s cigarette smoke in the air, it makes people uncomfortable and ruins the vibe, whether you’re eating by yourself or with friends and family. No one should have to worry about their health while they’re just trying to enjoy a meal. Smoking in restaurants can cause smoke and ash to get into the food and affecting how it tastes and smells. That just ruins the whole dining experience. Those poisonous chemicals in the smoke can end up in the food, which could lead to health problems or make existing conditions worse. There have been cases where restaurants caught fire because someone didn’t put out their cigarette properly. Sometimes, they don’t even realize the cigarette is still burning, and a little breeze can carry it to something flammable like electrical equipment or dry materials nearby. This kind of thing can cause huge damage to the restaurant and put everyone inside at risk. This just makes it even clearer that smoking shouldn’t be done in restaurants. That all said, I’m all for banning smoking in restaurants.
