"I agree that smoking should be completely prohibited from all restaurants in the country. There are plenty of reasons as to why I agree with banning smoking. First, smoking is itself, harmful enough to the smoker, but when you smoke in indoor public spaces like restaurants, other will smoke in the cigarette/tobacco’s smoke as well, indirectly affecting other people’s well-being, if not worse than the smoker themselves. Second, it is distracting, people cannot particularly focus on their meals if they are surrounded by the smoke of cigarette, can they? It also does not help that the cigarette’s smoke makes the food taste badly thanks to cigarette smoke ruining the meal. Third, it is considered rude when you smoke inside restaurants, people will consider you as inconsiderate when you do so with little regard to other’s health, like the two reasons above.
Nowadays, It is rare to see smokers inside restaurants, less so than brick-and-mortar diners, all thanks to strict regulation and social stigma, which helps restaurants seeing less smokers and people stay healthy. While I agree that smokers should be banned from all restaurants in the country, they should also be provided a special space to do so without affecting others. Many places and workplaces have special spaces like a smoking room, with ventilation and ashtrays provided, perhaps restaurants could implement the same thing if smokers are to be allowed.
"
"It is true that smoking in public is the illegal thing, especially in restaurant. People who complete this thing should be banned, I totally agree with this idea.
Firstly, the wastes from the cigarette will affect people respiratory system negatively. When these wastes come to the pulmonary, it will damage the lungs. Moreover it will cause some chronic diseases related to respiratory system. People cannot breath naturally that’s why they have no opportunities to join some sport activities or to enjoy the longevity life. Secondly, these wastes will destroy peoples’ meals. Most restaurants own variety air conditional that’s why these waste will cover these restaurants so  people cannot own a comfortable space to eat and talk with their partner or their families. Thirdly, these behavior will put an significant impact on teenagers. Adolescence can easily imitate some behavior they think they can do and society will be cover with various wastes from cigarette. This will show that the peoples’ health will not be ensure in the future. Therefore, authority should give some punishments to those who smoke in public and they should educate people the effect of smoking in order to decline the proportion of this behaviors or they can increase the price of cigarette or put some taxes in it
In conclusion, smoking is legal, but people should have an awareness to avoid some public spaces such as restaurant or bus."
"It is well-known that smoking is devastating to one’s health, despite that fact, it is still so common that cigarette is one of the most sold items all over the world.
Smoke from cigarette irritates me personally, and I believe many others. It could also affect people around who inhale it negatively, fragile people like pregnant women or small children to be more specific. Smoking in public places should not be acceptable, especially restaurants, since in other places, there are various ways people can avoid the smoke for example wearing masks, or staying away, but it would be impossible to do it inside a restaurant, where people come to eat! So, I, to some degree, agree with the statement that all restaurants in the country should ban smoking completely.     
While some people might strongly disagree with this rule, since for them, smoking is a way to show their personalities and release their stress. I have seen many people struggling to abandon that bad habit, so if this rule is made, it would be hard for families and friends in their gatherings because if one wants to smoke, they need to get out of the restaurant. So instead of banning, it would be more favorable if restaurants could divide their spaces into different areas, with one designated place that allow smoking.  "
"There are some statement has been made indicates that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. Even though there are some positive impact, I strongly agree with this statement.

Smoking is not only a individual problem, it also affect other people in a bad way. Firstly, smoking can be extremely harmful for a human’s health. There are numerous amount of scientific research shows that smoking can damage the lungs because there are more than 300 toxic chemicals used to made a single cigarette, inhaling those chemicals for a long period of time will be a burden to the respiratory system to carry. Smoking is the main reason for lung cancer not only that, it is the factor contributes to heart illness, diabetes and the list goes on. Inhaling smoke in a passive way can be as harmful with the same health issues. Furthermore, it is extremely dangerous that a pregnant women inhales smoke from another person because it is deadly to the baby and can cause miscarriage. Therefore, it not only should be banned from a restaurant causing everyone to lose their appetite, it should restricted in the community as well. 

In conclusion, cigarette should be restricted due to its negative influence on the society for everyone’s health. 
"
"Nowadays, should smoking be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country is a tricky question for the government to solve. As a citizen, I completely agree to set up a law to prohibit smoking in all restaurant because many following reasons. 

It’s easy to see that smoking has a big effect on our health, especially children and pregnancy. Studies have shown that passive smoking increases the risk of disability in embryos and dangerous diseases in pregnancy. Every year, there are approximately 37.000 people dead because of exposure of smoking. Besides, children and teenagers prefer to eat in restaurants and food stores. And when we are eating, the exposure of smoking becomes higher. And the second reason is that the smoke made the dishes become less tasty, it can make the customer find it harder to smell the taste or made the dish become so terrible. Or even smoking can effect to the culinary culture of a country, as a tourist I feel down mood when I encounter a man smoking in a restaurant. And the last reason is that now there are many smoking room and you can smoking without affect to others people.

To be conclusive, for many above reasons, i think banned smoke cigarette must be banned by law to protect community health and improve the environment in the restaurant.
 
"
"It is maintained that governments should prohibit smoking at restaurants across a particular country. Personally, I whole-heartedly agree with the statement due to several reasons.
Banning people smoking within the context of restaurants yields a number of important benefits to individuals. To commence, the policy can contribute to preventing smokers and others around from various health predicaments such as lungs cancer and brain damage, often caused by the immense toxicity of cigarettes. Gradually, the enactment of the prohibition can enhance the overall health of people forced to give up smoking in restaurants. Another critical advantage is tourism, as tourists, who usually gather at local restaurants in a host country, are less exposed to cigarette smoke. Therefore, the smoking prevention can reduce the risk of health issues for foreign visitors, indirectly associated with the promotion of tourism.
Furthermore, the regulation can also assure restaurant safety and environmental preservation. Regarding the former, as smoking in restaurants often increases the risk of conflagration, possibly causing injuries and casualties, due to burned cigarettes, the regulatory implementation can minimize the possibilities of this unwanted scenario. Environmental protection is another crucial benefit of prohibiting smoking in public areas, particularly restaurants. As smoking is usually common in such places, smokers often leave burned tobacco leaves and filtering part of used cigarettes, harmful to animal species and plants if these are released into the environment. As a result, the smoking ban can contribute to preserving the environment. 
In summary, I completely side with the opinion that smoking should be strictly banned at a national level since this can exert positive influence on people’s health, field of tourism, public safety and the environment."
"In the industry of hospitality management as well as policymaking, people have had hot debates on the ban of smoking in restaurants. Some people believe that the ban is impossible while others have positive views on such matter. From my perspective in the context of Vietnam, tobacco usage should be completely inhibited at every restaurant.
There are two corroborating reasons for the ban of smoking in restaurants. One of them is the improved public health as a consequence of fewer spaces for smokers. In the context of banned restaurant-smoking, while people can still smoke at other places apart from restaurants, eating is a necessity for every person, thus requiring people to curb their smoking habit. This downward trend can then reduce both primary and secondary smoking which are the prominent reasons for respiratory issues.  Another supporting argument for banning smoking at dining locations is the enhancement of the tourism and hospitality industry. This is because less and less people are smoking in these days and age; therefore, the absence of smoking in restaurants can increase public ratings. Such betterment can generate positive competition in the food and beverage industry regarding user experience, people can have more motivations for the use of dining conveniences and hospitalities.
In conclusion, while smoking has been a prominent issue, the ban thereof can bring about great benefits for the public good regarding health and economy."
"It is said that every restaurant in the whole country should be strictly prohibited from smoking. From my perspective, I completely agree that it has advantages for people when cigarettes are banned in eateries due to several reasons.
Firstly, smoking has long been recognized as a significant health hazard, affecting both smokers and non-smokers. In places like restaurants, if there are a few people smoking there, the non-smokers, including children, pregnant women, and the elderly, can suffer from health issues such as respiratory infections, heart disease, and lung cancer due to exposure to secondhand smoke. Additionally, it sets a positive example for children and young adults, who may be easily tempted to start smoking if it is less visible and socially acceptable. Hence, smoking should be banned in public areas like restaurants to avoid such negative influences. 
Secondly, a smoke-free environment enhances the overall dining experience in a place like an eatery. For instance, imagine that while someone is enjoying a delicious plate of spaghetti, another is blowing cigarette smoke around, making everyone lose their appetite immediately and stop eating. This can easily become an explanation for why a complete ban on smoking would ensure that all customers, regardless of their smoking status, can enjoy their dining experience without the disturbance of cigarette smoke.
In conclusion, for the reasons I have mentioned above, I maintain that smoking should be totally prohibited in public places like restaurants for the safety of public health as well as to provide the dining experience."
"In recent years, more people develop the habit of smoking. Much as smoking was proved to be unhealthy the smokers and passive smokers, many people still practice smoking in public places, especially restaurants. From my perspective, I concur with the notion that the government should prohibit smoking in restaurants, due to health concerns and social effects arise from this practice.
First and foremost, in the settings of restaurants, smoking can pose a serious threat to public health. Most restaurants are designed to be closed areas that can host a large number of visitors, where they can gather to enjoy meals and meet people. When someone smokes in a restaurant, non-smokers are also standing chances of being exposed to toxic fumes coming from the smokers. This can result in serious health issues related to the respiratory system, as well as putting the health of people of vulnerable groups, especially children and the elderly, in danger. Therefore, it is undeniable that smoking in these areas should be banned to protect public health.
Secondly, the practice of smoking in restaurants can also create negative public images and negative impacts on society as a whole. By allowing people to smoke in these places, people are condoning irresponsible behaviours and giving these individuals a chance to do so. Moreover, due to their curious nature, children may be influenced by these smokers and pick up the habit as well. By stopping people from smoking irresponsibly, society is also preventing future smokers from younger generations as well.
To conclude, I advocate the idea of preventing smokers from smoking in restaurants due to aforementioned reasons. It will take a collaborative effort between the governments and citizens to create smoke-free public areas in the future."
"It is argued that the acts of indoor smoking, especially in restaurants, should be prohibited nationwide. I stand by this proposal completely providing how its benefits outweigh any drawbacks.
Regarding the practice’s setbacks, both restaurants and smokers may experience certain losses. For the former, banning all customers who smoke can have their revenue plummeted. The decrease in profits comes not only from the smokers banned but the families and friends associated with them as well, since a meal is often a social event. In regard to the latter, being denied services at all diners for smoking robs smokers of their freedom to enjoy their daily dose of cigarettes.
On the contrary, the aforementioned disadvantages can often be overshadowed by the following gains. Firstly, by creating and committing to a smoke-free eating experience, restaurants can attract those who find smoking unbearable. Secondly, smoking has detrimental effects either actively or passively. Therefore, by banning indoor smoking at restaurants, customers can be free of the worries of consuming smoke against their will. Lastly, the fact that their habits create problems for both themselves and those around them can drive smokers towards quitting smoking for good.
All in all, while smoking appears to be an inseparable part of a happy meal, prohibiting smokers from all restaurants in the nation is favorable for both smokers and non-smokers.
 
"
"Nowadays, people told that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In my point of views I extremely agree with this opinion.
Mostly people think that smoking is the way to help them decreasing stressful, especially male. After a hard-working day, they have to smoke to feel more better. However, smoking causes lots of disease such as lung cancer, obesity, addicted,… It is the slowly way to make people die without painful. Besides smoking also affects to other people who breath the same smoking ash, specially pregnant and babies. Smoking ash can kill babies when they are not born and make the mothers’ health worse. 
In the restaurants, people pay to their experiences so they strongly need the best atmosphere. For example, people want to eat a dinner but the table next to them have a man is smoking. The smoking ash can make them feel exhausted. Therefore completely banned the smoking is the correct way. If some people want to smoke they can go outside. 
In conclusion, smoking is the bad way to feel more relaxed and it brings many problems to our health. At first, it looks nothing happen but in long time later, our health is can be worse and must pay lots of money for hospital.	"
"Nowadays, more and more people are smoking in restaurants causing air pollution that harms people. Some people think that we should put up no-smoking signs in large restaurants to prohibit smoking from happening to harm people. Personally, i strongly agree with this problem. 
Firstly, non-smokers such as women, children, the elderly in restaurants will inhale secondhand smoke, which can lead to serious health problems such as respiratory problems, heart disease and cancer worse, cause fainting.  So, we should be completely banned at restaurant to warned smokers to stay away from this area because they are the subject of frequent restaurant visits. 
Secondly, smoking has an even more serious risk, which is to cause a high rate of restaurant fires. Some people who do not realize that after smoking will throw it away without extinguishing the fire and throw it around, causing a fire. This has happened in many places, if we are not vigilant, it will be very dangerous for many lives. 
Additionally, we should not only use a measure to issue warning signs, but we must propagate this more through other social media such as Facebook, Tiktok about the harmful effects of tobacco in the public, especially large restaurants. 
In conclusion, the benefits of banning smoking in restaurants are essential to enhance the benefits. It also helps society develop more and more if we have a common sense of preserving the harmful effects of smoking"
"Many believes that smoking is a bad habit as it brings discomfort to both the smokers and those around them, and so it is argued that smoking should be prohibited from every restaurant across the country. Personally, I agree with this statement for I believe that it would do more good than bad. 
The primary reason for my opinion is that smoking causes a great deal of annoyance to everyone close to the smoker for it is a public space they are smoking in and not everyone is comfortable with smoking, especially the children and women. Moreover, when dinning at a restaurant, one would certainly encounter a variety of different kinds of people, some struggles with diseases that when exposed with secondhand smoking, would do them great harm.
In addition, the ones who smoke tend to suffer from chronical illnesses caused by the harmful chemicals in the tobacco. For example, smoking is the number one cause for lung cancer. These illnesses are usually dangerous and extremely difficult to cure.
In conclusion, because of the effects smoking can have on a human person, I strongly agree that the prohibition of smoking should be made wide across every restaurant in the country. And in doing so, will help built a safer environment for the public spaces."
"Unlike schools or hospitals, there remain smoking areas in many dining establishments. Many health advocates yearn for these to be closed off permanently; however, this request is not only unreasonable but also inadvertently harmful.

	From an economic standpoint, when a smoker legally spends money to buy their own packs of cigarettes, they are contributing to a billion-dollar industry. A normal law, then, almost never puts a barricade on this for the few, but sides with the many. The restaurants themselves will certainly not randomly act against smokers, as they usually go with friends who have the same habit in order to chat while smoking, creating higher bills.
	One might support banning smoking in restaurants regardless, and at a certain point in history this has probably happened already. Nevertheless, it is human nature to look for loopholes in any situation. This can mean that people might try to sneak a cigarette into the corners of the building and create a risk of fire that would otherwise not be there. Another possibility is that they resort to doing it inside their homes, which results in more extreme passive smoking and fume-infused furniture.
	
	In conclusion, considering the current conditions, prohibiting smoking outright in restaurants is unattainable and inadvisable. A more viable alternative, perhaps, is creating a more secluded smoking area far away from those who do not wish to be negatively affected. "
"Some individuals think that using the cigarette in the restaurant ought to be completed restricted in the nations. Personally, I wholeheartedly agree with this statement and I will explain the reason this following essay.
Smoking in the public place such as the restaurant might make a badly impact on people’s experience and the operation of the restaurant. First, it can effect on the restaurant quality and the customers in the restaurant. For example, the smoke from the cigarette may affect other customer’s taste on food and some of them cannot be satisfy with their experience in the restaurant and rate low quality for the restaurant. Secondly, smoking in the restaurant cause some unintentional trouble for the restaurant. For instance, if someone smoke in the restaurant, the dust from the unfinished cigarette can lead to the fire and damage the facilities of the restaurant. 
To limit the consequences, in the macro, the authorities need to have some strict regulation in completely banning smoking in the restaurant, especially public spaces. The government can run the campaign about the worst effects that smoking can make in the public places to raise the awareness in society. In the micro, the restaurant operator and staff can have their own smoking area, where allow the smoker to finish their cigarette and not to disturb other customers. Furthermore, they can watch and remind if the any of them have an intention to smoke to limit the smoking action in the restaurant.
To sum up, smoking in the restaurant can lead a handful of consequences for not only the customer but also the reputation of the restaurant. That the reason why the authority  and the restaurant director need to take action smoking need to be have a stringent ban the restaurant in the near future."
"There are some opinions that smoking should be restricted in all restaurants in the country. From my perspective, I partially agree with this idea because of the following reasons.
Undoubtedly, smoking restrictions in all restaurants can bring long-term benefits. It is noticeable that smoking is not only detrimental to the smoker, but it also does harm to the surrounding people. Restaurants are public places where a number of people breathe the same air, and the spread of smoke in such places will certainly cause annoyance and health problems. Therefore, the disappearance of toxic smoke may protect the well-being of customers at the restaurant, improving the mood of people eating out. Moreover, a smoking ban in this area can contribute to a clean atmosphere, enhancing the beauty of the restaurant.
However, a ban on smoking can cause negative impacts on the profit of the restaurants or tobacco industry. If all restaurants restricted the appearance of cigarettes, the number of customers who are smokers will decrease. The reduction in customers may result in profit losses, leading to financial difficulty in the long run. On the contrary, in case customers limits their use of cigarette to follow the rule, this will represent a threat to the tobacco industry. With the number of consumers declining, tobacco manufacturers may struggle to market and sell their products, which can lead to bankruptcy of the whole industry in the future.
All in all, smoking restrictions in restaurants have both benefits and limitations. It is important that smoking should be banned, but not in a strict way. This can bring advantages for both customers and restaurant owners."
"Many people say that smoking should be totally restricted at all the restaurants. Although there are plausible reasons for this, I disagree with this point of view.
Of course, when smoking publicly at restaurants, not only the smokers but also people around can be affected negatively. These people can be second smokers, and in long-run, there would be a great likelihood that they would get some respiratory problems. However, there might be a better way to avoid this. Restaurants should build up a smoking area where their customers who are smokers can come their to smoke without causing harm to others.
Another reasons why restaurants should not ban all smokers from their place is that this can cause a loss of their customers. Smoking is now still popular in some areas. When eating out at a restaurant with a ban on smoking, these smokers would feel upset or even annoying as they have to give up their habit in a period of time. This angriness may prevent these people from coming back to that restaurant. 
A good way to address this problem is to have a special area where smoking is allowed in each restaurants. For example, Aeon Mall – a large shopping center has built this place for smoking people and get many positive feedbacks from smokers and non-smokers in the country.
In conclusion, enacting a ban on smoking at all restaurants would cause a bad effect on the restaurants’ income. Instead, these restaurants should build their own smoking area to satisfy both smokers and other customers. "
"smoking is not should only band in restaurants, it have to be band in any place or area where 
have children or woman got pregnant. smoke can make bad health benefit for child and rely not good for baby. when young child watching a guys who smoke they will that cool and pregious that want to be a real man that mean we have to know how to smoke instead of how to act like a gentleman be cool with everyone not always pump the cigaret on lips 
because restaurant are precious space smoke just can go around not  go out. when smoke that can creative higher percent for accident fire that can kill people. the effect that come to people who not smoke is more than do it it can make some one innocent got  cancer. when you smoke that mean in your mouth have taste of cigar and you can not fell all the flavor of food it can be disgusting. smoke in that place can also make anoying for who hate smoke and they will not fell comfortable 
"
I partly agree and disagree with banning smoking completely at all restaurants. First, I agree that smoking should be banned because it affects people's health. Smoking is harmful for both smokers and non-smokers. Non-smokers get effects from secondhand smoke, so banning smoking in restaurants can stop this and protect customers and employees health. While smoking is directly affected by the components within the cigarette, which lead to smokers having bad health. Second, banning skimming creates a pleasant dining environment and attracts more customers, like families with kids. Last, it also helps smokers cut down on or even quit smoking, which helps with their long-term health benefits. On the other hand, banning smoking infringes on the personal rights of humans. Because there are people who believe that it is their own freedom to choose whether to smoke or not, which is something that we cannot change. Also, the restaurant can lose customers if they ban smoking. Which leads to an economic impact from revenue losses. Overall, banning smoking completely in restaurants can create a better environment and experiment between customers and employees within the restaurant, but it can also affect personal freedom, and people who smoke might feel they are not receiving respect from people around them.
"Smoking these days is popular around the world, it is normalized as thing people do in their daily life. There are some people said that smoking should be disapproved in restaurants due to their negative effects. In my perspective, I personally agree with the previous opinion because of several reasons.

On the one hand, smoking should be prohibited at all restaurants because of the consequences it has on people's health. When a person smokes, all the people around them will also smell the smoke. Cigarette smoke can passively harm human health. For instance, pregnant women can be affected the most by the smoke because their health during their pregnancy is very sensitive and it also be harmful to the baby. Moreover, smoking in restaurants can make other customers' experience not so good, they cannot focus on their dish due to the smell of the smoke and it will ruin their sense of eating.

Furthermore, smoking can threaten customers' safety due to some bad effects. It will be risky if someone smokes near the fire, especially restaurant is the place where they always use fire to cook. Also, other objects such as curtains, furniture and carpets can be easy to catch fire. By banning smoking in all restaurants, restaurants can decrease the chance of accidental fires and provide a safe environment for customers.

In conclusion, I believe smoking should be banned as its disadvantages outweigh the advantages.
"
"Modern society has normalized smoking as something that individuals do on a regular basis, making it popular everywhere. Because smoking has such detrimental effects, some individuals believe that it should not be permitted in restaurants. For a few reasons, in my opinion, I concur with the earlier viewpoint.
Given the negative effects smoking has on people's health, it is one thing to say that smoking should be outlawed in all restaurants. Everyone in the vicinity of a smoker will be able to smell the smoke. Human health can suffer from passive cigarette smoke. For example, pregnant women are particularly vulnerable to the negative effects of smoking because it can harm the developing fetus as well as affect their own health. Additionally, smoking in restaurants can negatively impact the dining experience of other patrons by impairing their ability to concentrate on their food and spoiling their enjoyment of it.
Additionally, smoking has some negative effects that put patrons' safety in jeopardy. Smoking close to a fire is dangerous, especially in restaurants where fire is constantly used for cooking. In addition, other items like carpets, furniture, and curtains can easily catch fire. All restaurants can reduce the risk of unintentional fires and give their patrons a safe environment by outlawing smoking.

In conclusion, I think smoking ought to be outlawed because the negative effects outweigh the positive ones.  
"
"Many people believe that smoking in restaurants should be completely banned so as not to affect those around them, and I think that opinion is completely correct.

First, smoking in restaurants will affect the atmosphere inside as well as the experience of other customers. No one wants to sit in a restaurant while enjoying the evening with their family in the stench of cigarette smoke, it will make people feel uncomfortable and not enjoy their precious time. This also causes the restaurant to be underrated and at risk of losing customers. In addition, smoking also increases the risk of fire, when cigarette butts are not completely extinguished or customers' carelessness will cause unnecessary incidents such as cigarettes catching on the tablecloth and causing a fire.

In addition, smokers themselves will not feel the taste of food because there is a chemical in cigarettes that reduces taste, meaning they will feel the food is bland and will not enjoy it. That makes their experience with the restaurant worse.

In short, I think restaurants should ban smoking or have separate tables for smokers so as not to affect both parties."
"In the present, there are many addictive substances that seriously influence people's lives. One of the most significant representatives is cigarettes. Many people believed that people should be banned from smoking when entering any restaurants in the nation. 

One of the main reasons leading to this suggestion comes from the bad effect of cigarettes. Cigarettes not only make people addictive whenever they smoke but also destroy their organs day by day. According to many researchers, smoking is one of the main reasons behind the decrease of life expectancy in many countries. Another reason is that smoking wastes a big amount of money, which easily causes financial difficulties to societies. People pays a great amount of money for not only smoking but also dealing with the destruction that it brings to their bodies

On the other hand, there are still some benefits that smoking brings to humanity. One of the most significant advantages is relaxation people feel whenever they try it. Many people get stressed after work but they can not find any way to relax themselves so they decide to have some cigarettes. If they use it at an appropriate amount, it will not seriously affect their health. 

In my opinion, although there are some advantages that cigarettes can be used for, it's still very risky for societies to produce and purchase it legally. I believe that there are still many things that can replace the benefits of cigarettes so the government should consider it as an illegal product to protect societies from addictive substances.
"
"I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. 

Firstly, restaurants are normally considered as a perfect destination for couples and families to spend time together. That is why they really don't want anything to interrupt the cozy and happy atmosphere. Smoking is thought to be one of the interruptions so it is green for the restaurants to ban smoking. In case someone smokes, it affects the customers and the owners. While the moment is messed up leading to some situations that the customers may leave with upset attitude, the owners may lose some customers, even the friendly ones, leading the loss of profit which damages the service standard
 
Secondly, it is not healthy for anyone to smoke in restaurants because the space normally designed is small. To make a cozy place, the designers will make the space look small so the customers can have close contacts. In a man smokes, the smoking barely has ways to get out quickly, which is absorbed by everybody in the restaurant. As mentioned, families are the main customers. In the fact that some of them bring their children or even child with them, smoking not only its owner's lungs, but also family's and children's ones. 

In conclusion, smoking is not healthy and is bad for human healthy. Smoking in places which are small or don't have much space, it affects every body in the near area, especially restaurant where all kinds of human are there, including the future of the country.  "
"Smoking has always been a controversial topic in the world, and whether restaurants should ban these actions is still an unsolved question. Personally, it is necessary for restaurants and eateries to halt the smoking trend due to their customers' health and the customers' experience.

The reason underneath this is smoking has been widely known for their disastrous effects on health. If there is anybody who can smoke freely at the eating place, then customers, especially babies and pregnant women may suffer the harmful smell that cigarettes bring. Regarding smoking, it is also notorious for lung cancer and other illnesses in terms of health. In consequence, restaurants need to mitigate this problem in order to stop spreading this downside effects to the other customers.

Another reason why banning smoking is necessary is because it will diminish the other customers' taste buds and experience. There is a large quantity of people who are allergic to smoke from cigarettes so they will see smoking as an unpleasant experience. Furthermore, indoor restaurants may want to avoid this situation since the smoke could turn a delectable course into a bad meal.

Long story short, smoking is a culprit behind tons of health issues and it could also affect the customers' experience on enjoying their food so restaurants should ban smoking in the near future. "
"As cigarettes started being sold around the world for decades, smoking have slowly become the habit of many people. We see people smoke in many places, in the park, at their home… or the restaurants. But the problem is, smoking in a closed space like restaurants is regarded by many as impolite and harmful for everybody in the restaurant, especially children, so some have suggested banning smoking at restaurants completely. I agree with this statement. 

Obviously, smoking does bring pleasure to the smokers, in some cases, it can be used as a treat for mentally ill patients but under the watch of doctors. However, the disadvantages of it are numerous. 

Firstly, cigarettes contain nicotine, a chemical that can corrupt some functions of the brain, although many people are aware of this, they still continue smoking because nicotine can make a person addicted to it. 
Moreover, the smoke that is released every time they use cigarettes can lead to lungs cancer for anyone inhaling that smoke, so what is unethical here is that even a person does not smoke, they still get diseases because of other people. 

Additionally, the smell of the smoke is not even pleasant at all, which means it can create such an uncomfortable atmosphere for guests at the restaurants. Combine all of the above, smoking should be banned at the restaurants, for the health of the smokers as well as others guests. 

Despite the advantages of smoking itself that are stated in this essay, the bad side of it shows how good it is to ban smoking at all restaurants in the country. "
"It is believed that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. From my viewpoint, I strongly agree with that statement.

First, secondhand smokers can get serious health risks. Non-smokers, including children and pregnant women, are vulnerable to these harmful effects. For instance, a family visits a restaurant where smoking is allowed, children may inhale toxic substances, which increases their risk of developing asthma issues. A complete smoking ban in restaurants would protect customers from these dangers. 

Second, a smoke-free environment enhances the dining experience. The smell of smoke can be unpleasant, making it difficult for people to enjoy their meals. Eating a delicious dish while the strong smell of tobacco fills the air would lower the enjoyment of the meal. 

In addition, restaurants that ban smoking attract more customers, as many people prefer a clean environment when dining out. A smoking ban in all restaurants not only helps to lower the risk of getting cancer but also creates a fresh environment for customers when dining out.

In conclusion, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because it endangers public health and disrupts the dining experience. A smoke-free environment benefits everyone, making restaurants more welcoming and enjoyable places for all customers."
"Nowadays, people are getting used more cigarettes in everywhere, especially the restaurants. Some people say that "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country". It is a good idea and I totally agree with this opinion because of the harmless that it influences to people.

Firstly, smoking in the restaurant is an extremely issue because it may lead to explosions. The cigarettes cannot be used nearly the gasses, especially at the gas stations or restaurants. When it is near the gas, the gas will be exploded and hurting hundreds of people and also lead to the death. Therefore, smoking must be banned at all the restaurant because of the danger that it can hurt people.

Secondly, the smoke from cigarettes harmfully influences to the people around, specially the kids and woman. It hurts the body inside, not only the smoker but also the people who do not use the cigarettes. So that it is very impolite to use cigarettes at the restaurant because it can harm to anyone near the smoker.

In conclusion, I always agree with the idea of banning all smoker in the restaurant to help people would not be influenced by the smoke and get in safe."
"Some people think that all the restaurants in the country should completely ban smoking. I disagree with this opinion as I believe that creating smoking rooms along with punishment will be a better way for restaurant business following two main reasons.
             The first reason is that if all restaurants ban smoking, not many smokers are willing to hang out for a meal. Therefore, this will affect the restaurant's revenue, especially with the ones having a lot of smoking customers.
             The second reason is that creating smoking rooms along with punishment is a better alternative solution for this method that can satisfy both smokers and non-smokers as well as minimize negative impact on restaurants' business. As this will allow smokers to satisfy their need if they want while they are having meals. Besides, it also ensures that non-smoking customers' experience and health will not be affected. If smokers do not obey this rule, then restaurants should make smokers pay a fine as a punishment.
            To sum up, banning smoking completely at all the restaurants over the country seems a good solution at first, however, this will create adverse impacts on restaurants' business. Therefore, I believe that creating smoking areas along with a punishment will be an optimal solution for both restaurants and customers. 
"
"Many people state that governments should completely ban smoking at all restaurants across the nation because it affects people who do not smoke. I completely agree with this statement and the following essay will give details of my reasons.

First of all, imposing a ban on smoking can protect public health. Given the reasons that secondhand smoke is harmful, especially in enclosed spaces like restaurants. This means that non-smokers, including children, older people, and staff, should not be exposed to it. Otherwise, it will give them chronic health issues related to their heart or lungs.

Secondly, banning smoking would give comfort to everyone in the restaurant. This is because the smell of smoke can leave on the customer's clothes, which would negatively affect their experience, especially families and health-conscious individuals. As a consequence, such experience may lead to bad reviews on the places, damaging the business. 

Last but not least, in restaurants, especially those with materials that easily catch fire, like tablecloths or alcohol, smoking can increase fire risks. Thus, banning smoking can improve the safety of restaurants overall.

In conclusion, I wholeheartedly agree that every restaurant should be smoke-free, and authorities should impose a ban in the nation for a better customer experience."
"Some people argue that every restaurant in the country should completely ban smoking. In my opinion, I fully agree with this statement. 

Smoking brings a lot of disadvantages for both the customers and the restaurants. Smoking in restaurants damages public health. If someone in a restaurant smokes, the atmosphere and the places surrounding them will be full of smoke from the cigarettes, which is extremely harmful to human lungs. Inhaling too much smoke can cause many adverse diseases, such as lung cancer and heart disease. Moreover, smoking also affects the other customers' experience of enjoying the meals. For instance, they cannot smell the nice smell from the dish or taste the dish well. Therefore, this also affects the reputation of the restaurants. 

However, if the restaurant bans smoking, they will lose parts of customers who smoke. These customers might not go to their restaurants because they think they cannot enjoy themselves fully. Additionally, some people also believe that smoking is their own right and that they have the freedom to smoke in public without discrimination. 

In a nutshell, I still think that it will lead to positive influences if smoking can be fully banned at all the restaurants, but people should also have their right to smoke. In my opinion, restaurants should build smoking boxes or places for people to enjoy. 
"
"The argument of banning smoking at all restaurants has sparked a controversy around the world. In my opinion, I strongly agree to completely stop all the activities which are related to smoking in public places. This essay will provide some reasons to support this viewpoint. 

Smoking can harm one's health because there are thousands of toxic chemicals in the ingredients of any type of smoke or cigarettes. If innocent people absorb fumes, they can struggle with many health problems such as lung cancer or respiratory issues. Restaurant is a public place where many people come and eat food, therefore it is essential to ban smoking completely at this place to protect community health.

Another reason for this view is that the awful smell and fumes from smoking is absolutely a nightmare for customers who come to the restaurant. This is because it can ruin customer experience when they enjoy the food. The delicious taste and fragrance will be completely destroyed when someone is smoking nearby. Therefore restaurants should consider banning smoking or at least separate smoking areas from the place for other people including children if they do not want to lose more customers.
 
In conclusion, from my perspective, it is a must to stop all the smoking related activities at public places especially the restaurants with an aim to protect the general health of the community and improve the experience of customers toward the restaurant. "
"It is widely believed that the government should prohibit smoking in all restaurants in the country. From my point of view, I totally support this idea for citizens' health and money saving.

Some people hold the belief that smoking should be freely conducted for private demand and interest because of these reasons. First of all, smoking is harmful but they smoke in another place in order not not affect others and their family. Next, smoking is supposed to be a useful way for releasing stress in daily life. Smokers almost use cigarettes whenever they feel empty and stressed so it helps them remarkably in boosting their mood.

However, I think smokers should stop using cigars for health safety. Cigarettes contain nicotine which is a super harmful substance for people's lung and heart. Therefore, if smokers stop using them, they will definitely improve their health. Another reason is that money used for smoking is not only wasting but also meaningless. They can take advantage of this budget for doing another meaningful activity such as studying, exploring novel knowledge.

To conclude, smoking is detrimental to people's health in all aspects so citizens should not use cigarettes for releasing stress and doing another activity to benefit themselves."
"Having been a hater of smoking for my whole entire life, watching people suffers from all kind of severe sickness that were caused by smoking, I truly should have strongly agreed with this statement.

But to be fair, I understand that everyone is different from each other's and I should respect their lifestyle. If smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants, it will only cause chaos. The number of smokers I find along a street alone is crazy, so there will be no meaning if we banned smoking (I don't want the smokers to cancel out all the restaurants, especially my favorite one). 

And if I disagree with the statement, it is mean that I have against my own self. Therefore, what I thought is the suitable answer is: all restaurants should have a room, or a place that only allow people to come and smoke only, so that there will be no complain from the other customers and the people who like to smoke would have their own place, feeling like they are being included. This will not only help the restaurants to be more diverse, but to be known as putting their customers experience first. 

It is better for all of us to respect each other's lifestyle, instead of banning a hobby of someone."
"It is admitted that smoking is harmful to our health. Consequently, I believe that smoking should be prohibited at all the restaurants in the country to ensure the health of people in public places like these.

         Firstly, restaurants are public places for people to enjoy delicious food and drinks. It is also a place for family, friends or colleagues to have parties and have a good time together. If smoking is allowed in those places, it will seriously affect the health of some special people like children, pregnant women or just girls. They will have a bad impression about the restaurants which allow smoking, leading to the decreasing number of customers. 

          Secondly, the action of banning smoking in restaurants would enhance people's awareness about smoking. They may note that they should not smoke in public places to ensure the health of their family, friends or other people. This may contribute to the campaign which supports mitigating global smoking, leading to some changes in human's awareness and modern health. Moreover, the money spent on producing cigarettes could be decreased because of the decreasing need from people. Government may utilize this money for investing in other fields such as economy, healthcare, finance…. 

          In conclusion, I believe banning smoking in all restaurants is of importance due to the overall health of people around us. "
"There has been concern whether smoking should be banned from every restaurant in the country. In my opinion, smoking must not be used in restaurants not only because of the detrimental consequences caused to humans, but smoking also create uncomfort to others. This essay will discuss two reasons that smoking must be banned at all restaurants.

To begin with, smoking cigarettes or pods can bring numerous harmful repercussions to humans and the people surrounding them. However, while the public has the awareness of smoking's negative consequences, they still do not realize that it also causes illness to the people surrounding them. Therefore, there must be a policy which limits the use of cigarettes and pods in the public areas. This is not only controlling smoking in public, but it also prevents people from having detrimental consequences caused by smoking.

Another reason is that smoking can create uncomfort to people who do not smoke. More specifically, the smell of cigarettes may cause the people who are not familiar with this breath harder. However, this is not the reason for the smoking people to change from using traditional cigarettes to pods. Because the company has developed pods with many flavors, such as strawberry, blueberry, etc. This is also really uncomfortable because these fragrances are just artificial. Hence, whether cigarettes or pods, they also cause the same feelings and impression,

To sum up, smoking must be limited to being used in public, such as in restaurants. Therefore, I strongly agree that it is necessary to ban it from the public areas. "
"Recently, research and news reports have shown an exponential increase in the number of people addicted to smoking. However, whether smoking should be banned in public places, particularly in all restaurants across the nation, has sparked numerous discussions. I strongly believe that banning smoking in all restaurants nationwide is essential for the betterment of our community.

Firstly, smoking restrictions should be implemented for the sake of public health. Scientific studies have proven that smoking is extremely harmful, causing numerous health issues. However, it does not only affect the individual smoker -it also harms those nearby through secondhand smoke. While some may argue that smoking is a way to relieve stress after a long day, it should not be permitted in restaurants as it negatively impacts diners. Banning smoking in restaurants would ensure that customers can enjoy a better dining experience in a clean and fresh atmosphere. Since restaurants serve a diverse range of people, including babies, teenagers, adults, and the elderly, prohibiting smoking would create a healthier environment for all. Therefore, to provide families and individuals with an optimal dining experience, restaurants should completely ban smoking.

Another reason for banning smoking in restaurants is to help reduce the prevalence of public smoking. Although restricting smoking in restaurants may seem like a small step, it can still have a significant impact on individuals' behavior. It can encourage smokers to be more mindful of their habit and prevent them from smoking indiscriminately in public spaces without considering others. 

In conclusion, I firmly believe that restaurant owners and the government should take this matter seriously by establishing laws and policies to ban or at least restrict smoking in restaurants nationwide. Doing so would contribute to a healthier and more pleasant dining environment for everyone."
"It is said that smoking is recommended to be banned at all the restaurants in the country. In my opinion, I totally agree with this statement. 

First of all, smoking is the beginning of health problems. Although with some people, smoking is a good way to relax and reduce stress from work and life. But the reality is that 70% to 80% people who smoking are having lungs cancer and other lungs problems. 

Secondly, smoking in restaurants when other people are having dinner is disrespectful and impolite. Restaurants are places where many people are going there for dinner and average of them are succeed. Some guys who smoking at restaurants can create low quality atmosphere, restaurants may lose lots of customers because of that reason. 

Moreover, some families bring their kids and elders to the restaurant to have dinner when breathing through smoke are able to have health problems or even disabled when they grow up. 

In conclusion, planning to ban smoking at all restaurants in the country is a good idea to create a healthy atmosphere for people, especially kids and elderly people. It helps the country to reduce bad habits, health problems and make the country become a good place to live. "
"Nowadays, humans have always needed to face many stresses and psychological problems. With the development of technology, science has created a lot of things to help people get rid of those problems. And with that, smoking was born, as first, with the knowledge of humans in old times, they simply think it will help people relax with some of the chemical substances that smoke contains. But time proves that smoking really harms not only humans but also the environment. With that reason, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.

Firstly, restaurants are a place where people have their meals, to have a good experience while customers are eating a meal, restaurants need to ensure that their meal has a good taste and smell. But unfortunately, smoking negatively affects the smell part, it can change the way a meal smells, and make a customer unsatisfied with their experience. This way, it can also decrease the restaurants rate and income.

Secondly, smoking harms the health of all the people surrounding it. And restaurant customers can maybe have health problems that can be more dangerous if they unfortunately breathe a smoke. Restaurants will need to have the responsibility for customer health, even though it is not their fault at all.

In conclusion, it is necessary to restaurant to completely ban smoking in their place to protect their reputation and also customer experience and health.
"
"Lung cancer is one of the most popular diseases in this day and age. And the main reason comes from smoking. From my point of view, I totally agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country because of the long-term benefits of humankind.

There are some reasons why I have this viewpoint. Firstly, smoking is harmful not only for smokers but also for others who are exposed to smokers, especially children, pregnant women and those with respiratory conditions. Imagine you are having dinner in a restaurant with your family, and there is a man smoking next to you. This can cause irritation for you and people around him. A smoke-free environment ensures a more dining experience for everyone and promotes public health. Nowadays, there are many restaurants in Vietnam that apply a ban on smokers, this creates a cleaner and healthier atmosphere in the restaurants. Secondly, the lack of smokers at the restaurants creates a good image for the country to both the locals and tourists. 

In conclusion, smoking should be completely banned in restaurants due to health risks, negative impact on the dining experience, potential loss of customers, and dangers faced by employees."
"As we know that, restaurant is the busy place with all ages, from kids to adult people. So, there are some people say that "Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country". I partly agree with this statement because of the following reasons in this essay.

It is obvious that smoking is not good for our health, it destroys our lungs a lot, especially with children. There are a lot of articles about cigarettes destroy our health, so restaurants need to ban smoking in their places. For example, some kids live with family which have a smoking member, kids may not have good health as the other ones. 

The next reason is that some people do not like the smell of the cigarettes. So they are really uncomfortable if they smell the smoke while they are eating. For instance, some customers may be angry and complain with the manager about the smoke. So that, restaurants should ban smoking.

Smoking may not be banned completely, restaurants can open one room for smoking if they want to have more customers. Because some people they cannot quit smoking, so opening one room for them to smoke is the good idea. Other customers can not smell it, but smoking people can smoke without making other people feel uncomfortable.

In conclusion, smoking is not good for customers' health. But smoking may be allowed in one room in restaurants, which may not cause other people to feel uncomfortable about smoking."
"Personally, I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. This essay will show the disadvantages of smoking at the restaurant and several reasons.

To begin with, one of the biggest disadvantages is that it can harm the health of people such as customers and staff in the restaurant. Besides, smoking also leads to serious health issues, especially cancer that makes us live shorter than usual. So by banning smoking in the restaurant, we create a healthier environment for everyone in the world. 

Additionally, whenever many people smell smoke, they feel completely unpleasant and angry because it can ruin their dining experience and it also harms their health. Therefore smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country to help all customers enjoy their meals without the unpleasantness of smoke and it also helps restaurants bring more comfort for all customers regardless of their preferences. 

Finally, banning smoking in all restaurants can help some smokers reduce their habit. Then it also improves their health. For example, cities have implemented smoke-free laws, and it helps decrease the smoking rate among residents. 

In conclusion, I strongly agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country because it not only protects our health but also help reduce habit smoke of smoker and improve the environment say no with smoking. "
"Etiquette, as important as it is, is sometimes not many people's concern especially when going out in public. Eventually, some people tend to smoke in public spaces like restaurants without the consent of others. Therefore, banning smoking in diners is a must to maintain a healthier environment.

On the one hand, smoking is bad, not only in restaurants but in general, as it affects your health in a negative way. For instance, the smoke from cigarettes will lead to tremendous diseases which include cancer and many more. However, this is not only the case, smokers use cigarettes not only harm themselves but also the others. For example, a research once showed that people who sniff the smoke indirectly have a higher chance of catching those deadly diseases than the ones who smoke. 

On the other hand, a place meant for eating being filled up with cigarettes smoke is not really sanitized. Just imagine not only restaurants, but also public spaces that are filled with harmful smoke, the air will be polluted tremendously. If we don't ban smoking in diners now, soon the whole country will suffer severe air pollution. 
However, although completely ban smoking at every restaurant is necessary, we should also raise people's awareness. Actions like making "stop smoking" posters or not letting people smoke near the others, especially kids are really important.

To conclude, for a healthier and greener environment for everyone, smoking should be prohibited at all restaurants in the country."
"              One of the causes of lung cancer now is caused by smoking so the ban on smoking in public places as restaurants is essential. While some argue that smoking is on individual freedom, I strongly believe that prohibiting smoking in restaurants is indispensable because smoking can bring public health concerns and fire hazards.

              Firstly, it is scientifically proven to be very dangerous and non-smokers are unwittingly suffering the serious consequences caused by those who smoke freely. Especially in environments such as restaurants, there are many diners affected when smoking is not prohibited. For example, many studies have shown that people exposed to secondhand smoke can have a higher risk of lung cancer.

              Another reason why smoking in restaurants should be banned is fire hazard. It can be said that restaurants are extremely flammable places, so if someone smokes and throws cigarette butts around in the restaurant area, it can cause a fire that affects many innocent people. Therefore, families with children who are concerned about fire safety will avoid restaurants that do not have smoking regulations.

              In short, banning smoking in restaurants is very necessary and should be implemented in all restaurants today, not only because of public health concerns but also because of the danger of fire, and smoking needs to be clearly regulated to avoid affecting unrelated people."
"Smoking in public places has been a controversial issue for years. While some argue that people have the right to smoke wherever they choose, others believe that smoking in restaurants should be completely banned due to the harmful effects. I strongly agree that smoking should not be allowed in restaurants because it poses serious health risks and sometimes affects restaurant staff.

First, smoking in restaurants endangers public health. Smoking is always known to cause various health problems including respiratory issues, heart disease and even cancer. Non-smokers, including children and elderly, should not be forced to inhale the toxic smells while eating. The only way to address this matter is a complete ban on smoking in restaurants which would protect customers and workers from these risks.

Additionally, allowing smoking in restaurants negatively impacts the dining experience. The stinks smell of smoke can be overwhelming and annoying, making it difficult for customers to enjoy their time. Many people go to restaurant for a relaxing and enjoyable time. A smoke-free environment would create a cleaner and more comfortable atmosphere for everyone. 

Moreover, smoking in restaurants affects the well-being of the staff. Waiters, chefs and other employees work long hours and are constantly exposed to smoke if smoking is permitted. This long-term exposure can lead to serious health problems. Therefore, banning smoking completely, restaurants can ensure a healthier workplace for restaurant staff.

In conclusion, I completely agree that the government should enforce strict regulations to eliminate smoking in all dining places because of all these unhealthy reasons. "
"Some people say that "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country." In my view, I completely agree with this. These are some reasons why I think so.

Firstly, restaurants are public places. There are many people there also including older people and babies. Smoking causes the air unpleasure for them. Because they are very sensitive, smoking can make their health worse. Smoking also makes them breathe more difficultly and many other health problems. Therefore, smoking should be banned at all restaurants for human health.

Furthermore, people go to restaurants to desire to have delicious meals in a pleasant environment. Smoking causes unhappy feelings for individuals enjoying their meal. The employees after a long workday need time to recharge power while smoking make them more tired. Some families choose eating at restaurants to have more time talking with family members, sharing time together, and smoking is their barrier. So, I think the manager, or the owner of restaurants should set the rule no smoking.

Besides, smoking could make food worse. The food will have no original taste when having clients smoke. While the most important part of a restaurant is the quality of the food, I think we should ban smoking to make clients have better experience.

In summary, I agree with the view "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country" for reasons that I mentioned. I also hope that all the restaurants in my country will apply this rule soon because of the healthy environment. "
"Smoking has many disadvantages and risks for people's health. However, in my opinion, I believe that we can find another solution that is better than banning smoking at all restaurants in our country completely. 

Firstly, we can build another room for smoking. As can be seen, this way is applied at many restaurants and other stores all around the world. We don't need to use the negative and strict way to solve the problems, although we can do the better one. 

Secondly, if we ban smoking completely, it can affect smokers negatively. It is easy to ban it in our country, but it can receive negative comments about it from other people. It would lead to a decrease in the restaurant's revenue. 

Lastly, I think we cannot ban others smoking if we cannot ban producing cigarettes. It is hard to ban someone using if that product is still produced. Besides that, we can ban the allowance to smoke inside the restaurants, and then those people can go outside if they want to smoke. 

In conclusion, I think that we have many other solutions to do, so that we should not use the negative way is banning smoking completely at all restaurants in our country. 
"
"Whether smoking should be completely banned across all public restaurants in the country has been a topic of controversy. Some may argue that people should have the free will to do as they desire. However, I firmly agree that this practice should be banned due to many health-related issues.

Firstly, smoking can pose health risks to others, it is widely known that secondhand smoking can lead to health issues such as harming the lungs of non-smokers, causing breathing problems, and even the risk of cancer. The smoke emitted from smoking can affect restaurant visitors, even children can fall potential victims to these toxic fumes.

Secondly, smoking publicly especially in restaurants is often viewed as bad etiquette. Even without mentioning the related health issues, smoking produces an odor that is unpleasant to people around. In food and beverage places like restaurants where taste and smell are the most important criteria, this can affect the experience of others.

Lastly, banning smoking helps maintain cleanliness and hygiene in restaurants. Cigarette smoke leaves behind strong odors that linger on furniture, curtains, and carpets. Additionally, cigarette ashes and discarded cigarette butts contribute to littering, making it harder for staff to keep the environment clean. Prohibiting smoking would lead to a cleaner, more hygienic dining space.

In conclusion, smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in the country. It endangers public health, disrupts the comfort of non-smokers, and negatively affects cleanliness. Restaurants are meant to be places of enjoyment, and a smoking ban would help create a healthier and more pleasant dining experience for everyone.
"
"Smoking has been a universal phenomenon for many centuries. Many arguments about this problem have been mentioned with 2 different directions, including approval and disagreement about some prohibited laws for smoking. The question regularly for these is "Should the government ban smoking completely at all the restaurants in the country?". In my point of view, I firmly support the ban for smoking globally, not only at the restaurants in the country, and there are some reasons for this.

First and foremost, there is no denying that the smoke is really hazardous. For the direct person using this every day, this is a reason for a lot of disease for lung, heart and affected many parts of the body. especially for children and women, who even do not smoke. A lot of researchers have proven that there are many deaths per year because of smoking. 

Moreover, especially for children and women, who even do not smoke, smoking is very harmful for them when they breathe in the air. From that point, society has a humorous burden about many community problems from smoking. Disease affection and even the eco environment have been affected heavily. It means this weakness can drive the decrease of health quality of the country, not just only in the restaurants. 

In conclusion, from my perspective, I claim that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, more globally. "
"Smoking has always been a hectic issue from all over the world. This essay will discuss whether a complete ban should be applied to all the restaurants in the country or not and give my own opinion about this problem.

First and foremost, many people choose smoking to relieve their pain, and when they get stressed they need nicotine in cigarettes to make their mood better but nicotine is an addictive ingredient, which is harmful for not only their health but also others' health. In the restaurants, which are mostly built indoors. Because of that, the guests inside may not get enough fresh air and when they allow smokers in the restaurants, the non-smoking guests may get less fresh air than usual and the air is now polluted because of the smoking air relieved by the smokers and the air is not circulated properly. In addition to this, the polluted air negatively affects the normal people's health and may cause severe problems. Children's health is affected mostly because even normal adults can not suffer from that dangerous smoke. 

In conclusion, I completely agree that a complete ban on smoking in all restaurants is necessary. In a larger scale, the smokers should only smoke in restricted areas, which design for them to smoke and to prevent the negative effects for normal people and children.
"
"It is believed that smoking should be entirely forbidden in restaurants across the country. I completely agree with the statement. 

First and foremost, the act of smoking will greatly affect surrounding people at the restaurant. This is due to the fact that the smoke emitted can be harmful to many people, especially pregnant women and people with breathing problems. They can even be put in danger if they get exposed to the smoke for too long. If any unexpected situation like that happens, the managers and the staff at that restaurant will be at fault and will have to take care of the problem. Moreover, the smell of smoke can also annoy people who are trying to enjoy their meal, they might lose their appetite if the smell lingers around. As a result, they might find their experience at the restaurant bad and might not come back there again. 

Furthermore, smoking should be banned to set a boundary for smokers. This is because most smokers commit the action without noticing if they are disturbing other people, which can be really irritating. They do not care for other people's health as well as their well-being, causing other people to suffer from health problems. In most cases, smokers might not listen to the advice or reminders from surrounding people so it is important that there should be rules banning smoking for good. Such rules will ensure that people using a public service at the restaurants will not get disturbed by smoking and will also ensure that if someone violates the rule they will get a fine. 

In conclusion, I believe that there should be a rule banning the act of smoking at restaurants due to the sake of surrounding people. "
"It can easily be seen that there are some problems emerging around smoking in the public places. I totally agree with the idea to completely ban smoking at all the restaurants.

Since we have found so many methods to improve our living experiences, smoking is something that we need to consider. We all know the fact that smoking is not a good habit to maintain, it causes lung cancer and many other respiratory problems. 

Moreover, it can even cause dissatisfaction for the surrounding people because of its smell. We have heard that it even has a really harmful impact on children and women, and restaurants are the places that they don't wear masks. People all have the freedom to do things as long as they are legal, but first of all, we have to care about the others' feelings and their health, especially in public areas. Restaurants are the places where people enjoy delicious meals, thus they don't want to be bothered by people lacking of community consciousness.

In addition, it is suggested that any restaurants should invest in building more smoking areas. It is an essential thing to do, staffs and managers also need to take measures for the problems where people usually complain about, not only the food but also the atmosphere they breathe. If the restaurants can tackle this problem well, they can get a better service and gain the appreciated feedback from their customers.

In conclusion, smoking in public places such as restaurants should be banned to protect people's health."
"Many argue that smoking should be banned entirely in restaurants across the country. While I acknowledge that smoking can be harmful to both smokers and non-smokers, I believe that a complete ban is unnecessary.

On the one hand, prohibiting smoking would significantly improving public health. Non-smokers, including children and those with respiratory conditions, should not be exposed to secondhand smoke, which has been proven to cause serious health issues such as lung diseases and heart problems. Additionally, banning smoking would create a more pleasant dining environment as cigarette smoke can be offensive for many customers. This policy may also encourage to reduce their tobacco consumption, leading to long-term health benefits for society.

However, I believe that a total ban on smoking in restaurants is too extreme. Instead of completely prohibiting it, restaurants can establish separate smoking areas to accommodate both smokers and non-smokers. This approach ensures that customers who wish to smoke can do so without disturbing others. Furthermore, modern ventilation systems can be installed to minimize the impact of smoke in enclosed spaces. Many countries, such as Japan, have successfully implemented this system, allowing restaurants to cater to all customers while ensuring public safety. Furthermore, banning smoking entirely could negatively affect businesses as some customers may choose to dine elsewhere where smoking is allowed.

In conclusion, while restricting smoking in restaurants is important for public health, I believe that an absolute ban is not the best solution. Instead, creating designated smoking areas with proper ventilation can help protect non-smokers while respect the rights of smokers, which balance public health concerns with individual rights. Restaurant owners and policymakers should work together to find an approach that ensures a comfortable dining experience for all customers."
"As societal progress is undergoing, many people think that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country and I totally agree with that point of view regarding human health in the long term.

Firstly, smoking is an addicted product that should not be used for any reason, because it not only affects people surrounding them but also affects themselves. Especially in public places, where there are many children and the older, who have sensitive health, the government should be banned it at all costs. For instance, in restaurants, food can be harmed by their smoke and affect the customer's physical health such as stomach and headache.

Importantly, when the authority does not allow them to use cigarettes, users will accept their rules and establish a habit of forgetting smoking. However, banning smoking in restaurants is still not enough, government should public more strict law, especially in parks, playing area of children, and school. This can enhance the citizens' well-being and improve the air quality in the public places, for instance, if there are no one use cigarettes, children are more ready to play outdoors with friends and explore new things.

In summary, I strongly agree with the law of banning smoking in restaurants both in terms of well-being and the convenience of consumers, while the government can take more actions to deal with this problem."
"In this day and age, almost every people are informed about the disadvantages of cigarettes. Especially in restaurants, where people come to eat and drink, I strongly believe that these harmful things should not be entered.

On the one hand, I am sure that everybody knows that smoking is harmful for our health. Firstly, it brings cancer and badly affects your lungs. Many news and studies have showed that people who usually smoke has shorter life-expectancy, weaker health when they easily have serious diseases when they get older. Not only cigarettes affect the people who use it, but also the people near them. Because of that, I believe it should be officially banned in public places, especially restaurants, where there are many people, from young kids to the elderly come to have food. It is even worse when pregnant women and kids have to smell the toxic environment around it. 

On the other hand, there has been many solutions made to handle this problem. Many places now are offered a special area to smoke so that it won't affect other people. In order for this rule to be listened, the government should have an official announcement, ban the rules, hard fees for people who underestimate it.

In conclusion, I believe the idea of banning cigarettes in public places like restaurants are totally right, understandable should be widely used on over the country."
"Nowadays, it is supposed that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In my opinion, I totally agree with the above statement for some following reasons.

First, it is necessary to give a ban on smoking at public places such as restaurants in the country due to the community's health. Nicotine in cigarettes' ingredients is extremely harmful to both active and passive smokers' respiratory systems. Even worse, some people are detected to suffer from cancer after a long time of smoking and smelling the smoking fumes. When cigarettes are smoked in restaurants, there is a large amount of poisonous smoking fumes that have a bad effect on people who accidentally stay close to the smokers. 

Additionally, there are a lot of children, pregnant women and the elderly in public places like restaurants. These are the types of sensitive groups that suffer from toxic smoking fumes the most. 

Besides, it is also not suitable to allow smoking in the restaurant due to its' hygiene problem. Some smokers will throw their cigarettes in the wrong places, making the space of the restaurant become dirty.  The fumes or dust which are sometimes difficult to observe can be on the dish served to customers. 

In conclusion, I completely agree that smoking should not be allowed at all the restaurants in the country for some disadvantages such as bad effects on community's health and hygiene problems."
"To my perspective, smoking should be completely forbidden at all the culinary stores nationally. Several reasons are presented in the essay below.

First of all, smoke from cigarettes affects the atmosphere of the restaurant, as well as the mood of other customers. Sometimes it even affects the taste of the dishes. There are also some people who are allergic to the smoke, which can worsen the situation. Secondly, smoking is a private activity. Passive smoking also causes a lot of harm to our health because people who inhale smoke from cigarettes even get more serious illnesses than the smokers themselves. As a result, we could consider restricting smoking areas, so as to reduce the smoking rate and enhance a better environment for the others. 

On the other hand, smoking cannot be fully abandoned nationally. The government could provide a separated space for those who smoke, and the smokers themselves have to follow strictly the rules too. This paves a way to a healthier environment, as well as better living conditions in the country.

To sum up, smoking should undoubtedly be banned at any restaurants in our nation, in order to protect others' health issues, and to provide a more polite space for enjoying meals."
"Healthcare, including young generation or the elderly is one of the most important aspects all around the world. There are many different things can lead to bad health from food and environment. There are opinions that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants and I strongly agree with that thoughts because of lack of awareness and reduce the rate of bad health.

First of all, people's awareness may be always massive problems. At present, most restaurants or coffee shops have own space for people who want to smoke and do not affect to other people. However, there are still many people confidently smoke in restaurants which are filled by many people including young, old or even pregnant women. Furthermore, air conditioners are placed in most restaurants and it can easily delivery this bad air to other people. Besides that, the action of banning smoking may also reduce the rate of sickness relating to lung. The banning of smoking in the restaurants may lead to the inconvenience in someone's life, so they may think of giving up smoking. Moreover, people who do not smoke can also reduce the rate of having lung sickness by not breathing in unfresh air.

In conclusion, I strongly agree with ideas that smoking should be banned completely in the restaurants. Most people would be more healthy if this opinions could happen."
"I totally agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country as it is really harmful to human's health and customer's experience while using their meal.

Smoking causes problems for our respiratory system. It will make it hard for people to breathe when they are smoking or smelling the smoke for a long time. This will lead to the result that people don't have enough health to do some activities that they like such as playing sports. 

Besides, in the worst situation, they may have some illness related to their lung or lung cancer. That is the important problem that people have to pay attention to. Another reason is smoking will affect other customer's experiences. While people are eating their meal, they emerge themselves in good taste, suddenly they smell a strange smell, they will feel uncomfortable with their smell. Because of that, they won't come back to those restaurants and it will affect those restaurants. For example, people come to that restaurant because of the good smell and taste of its pizza. However, while they enjoy the smell of the pizza, the customer sitting at the next table is smoking, they are smelling the smoke instead and it leads them can't taste the meal because the smell also plays an important part in a joyful meal.

In conclusion, restaurants should ban smoking to be good for their business and customer's health.
"
v"Nowadays, smoking is still a problem of a lot of countries. This essay will show the reasons why I agree to completely forbid smoking at all the restaurants in the country. 

Smoking brings a lot of problems to not only those who smoke a lot, but also people around them. To be more specific, a profusion of researches showing that average age of people smoking and people around them is lower than those who not, because when they smoking, a lot of pollutants which can be breathed are emitted to the air. Consequently, their lungs can be damaged in a long-term. They could catch cancer too! And restaurant is the place that a lot of people come to (include children), so if smoking is not banned, their health might be affected.

In addition, people come to restaurants to eat or have a good time there, maybe they need to relax, so it is awful to smell smoke fumes. Furthermore, if smoking is not banned at restaurants, many restaurants will lose a profusion of clients who do not like smoke's smell. Consequently, some restaurants might go bankrupt because of lack of money.

In conclusion, restaurant is not a reasonable place to people to smoke there, they can go another place to smoke. Therefore, I support the idea that "Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country" thanks to the reasons I discuss above."
"In these days and age, smoking rate is increasing in a fast pace. Smoking occurs not only in the community, in house but also in the restaurants. From my perspective, I totally agree that banning smoking at all the restaurants in the nation because of some reasons. 
	
First of all, restaurants are a common destination for people to have meals and enjoy their life.  Smoking in such a public place like that can bring several harmful diseases for people such as lung cancer, cough and sick. For example, if at that restaurant has babies, they are able to feel unwell because they have to breathe the toxic fume and they can easily cry all the time,  which makes the space be full of noise. 
	
The second reason is that smoking can make the environment be more and more polluted. Smokers tend to waste the cigarettes on the floor or waste them wherever they want. It is clear to see that this can make the beauty of the restaurant decrease. Therefore, all the restaurants should ban smoking for a better society.
	
To sum up, I am totally in agreement with the statement that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the nation."
"It is suggested that restaurants should forbid any kind of smoking as it is harmful to other guests and affect the eating experience. However, not only I slightly support the suggestion, but also believe that there are more practical solutions to smoking rather than just ban smoking completely.

Beginning with customers' experience, it is not pleasure for anyone to be inhaling smoke from smoker while enjoying their meal. Not to mention the effects on health of non-smokers might get when indirectly inhale the smoke, causing some lung diseases, it also degrades the eating experience of the customers when they can not fully taste and smell their food. Consequently, restaurants might get some bad impression, or simply not getting the desired commend that they have been serving for. Therefore, by forbidding smoking, restaurants are guaranteed to indirectly enhance their serving quality.

On the other hand, it is not always necessary to completely ban smoking. Restaurants can organize smoking areas allowing people to smoke without disturbing other customers. Moreover, this will potentially leave a good impression on guests' experiences, from non-smokers to smokers, as the restaurants can satisfy their guests' demand. Another alternative is to divide restaurants into sections that allow and do not allow smoking, with air filters applied to both sections. This way, customers can be pleased whether they desire to smoke while eating or not.

To conclude, banning smoking is a solution, but not necessarily the most optimal one for restaurants, as there are many other ways which ensure restaurants to make their best revenue and provide customers the finest experience."
"Nowadays, restaurants are the popular destinations for people to spend their time at weekend. It is believed that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. From my point of view, I completely agree with that statement because smoking is harmful for our health and even cause bad damage to other people around us.

Firstly, restaurants are the places that are crowded and people especially families come to it a lot. At weekend, the number of households choose restaurants as a place to have lunch and dinner are high so that is why smoking should be banned at that places. Women who are pregnant or children could face many terrible illness if they communicate with or have a seat near smokers.

Second, the policy that ban smoking at the restaurants could make a positive affect on our life. If they don't have the permission to smoke in the restaurants, they could minimize their time spending on smoking and sometimes give up that action gradually. For example, the number of people who smoke maybe partly reduced so that the quality of air could be improved considerably.

In conclusion, I believe that government should ban smoking at all the restaurants to reduce the number of people who smoke and protect others from illness caused by smoke."
"It is suggested that restaurants should holistically ban people from smoking.  I completely agree with this opinion for the following reasons.

Granted, smoking should not be accepted in any restaurants due to its negative impacts. This is predicated on the fact that smoking is scientifically proven to bring detrimental impacts on people's health, not only the ones who smoke but also people staying around, suffering from this unpleasant and harmful smoke. Moreover, there is a large number of people including children and pregnant women coming to restaurants per day. If these women and kids endure from smoking for a long period of time, their health will deteriorate,  facing the risks of having serious diseases, such as lung cancer, or respiratory problems. 

Nevertheless, one might argue that smoking is people's right, thus it should be accepted regardless of place or situation. This line of reasoning, however, is flawed as it fails to take restaurants into consideration. This is is the place where people can sit back and relax, enjoy not only delicous food but also spend time with their beloved ones with peaceful and luxurious atmosphere. Having smoke in this area will definitely ruin the experience of the customers due to its unpleasant smell and the fear of the mentioned health drawbacks. If restaurants continue to allow people to freely smoke, it can discourage others to come back in the future, as well as these businesses will gain less customers and profits, posing risks to their survival in the long run.

In conclusion, it is advised that restaurants prevent people from smoking due to its harmful and unexpected effects on not only customers' health and experience but also the restaurants' development. "
"I strongly agree with the statement as the essay shows my point of view.

First of all, restaurant is the place where people usually need to pay a high price in order to have nice dishes in a convenient space that have good smell of foods, waiters and so on. Therefore, smoking makes a bad consequence of smells to anyone who is in the restaurant. Because when people smoke in a convenient space like restaurant, bad smells from their mouths would make the other people in restaurant inconvenient and even worse when the polluted air in the restaurant have some bad chemical elements that makes diseases to all of individuals in the restaurant, especially children.

Furthermore, smoking should be banned in restaurant because not only the infected air to the people, smoking from a high-position person would lead the lower ones feel that smoking is a normal activity of high-position figures so they have to smoke if they want to be seen as a successful person. As a consequence, more people start to smoke which makes more smoking-addicted figures, leading to a society where smoking is a difficult problem to solve.

In conclusion, smoking in the restaurant should be strongly banned because of its effects to the group of people and the whole society."
""It is advisable that all the restaurants in the country impose a ban on smoking" some people believe. From my varying perspectives, I am in agreement with this statement due to its various advantages to overall well-being of customers and people in the restaurants.
 
By applying this smoking ban on a large scale, many restaurants can promote their business image in terms of clean and healthy space for all customers. This is because the smell of smoking tobacco or cigarettes is uncomfortable and by the way it also does harm to the health of many surrounding people in the restaurants, so banning smoking can assure all customers about a clean and ideal place for them to eat or drink here. As a result, in the long run the restaurants can attract more target customers to come and experience wonderful services in their own restaurants.
 
It is undeniable that the prohibition of irresponsible smoking in all the restaurants will minimize the risk of catching or causing fire in these ones. It is reported that there are many fire–related accidents due to littering used cigarettes or tobaccos irresponsibly in many restaurants, so if the law of banning smoking comes into effect, there will be no occurrences of these accidents in the restaurants. In the long term, customers will feel safe and secure when they choose restaurants to hold a party or just celebrate some memorable occasions.
 
In conclusion, I fully agree with the suggestion that smoking should be prohibited at all the restaurants in the country due to its undeniable outstanding plus points mentioned above.
 "
"I completely agree with the statement that smoking should be forbidden in restaurants in the country. 

The odour smog coming from cigarettes, cigars can negatively affect surrounding people trying to use their meals, and the toxic fume is infamous for harmful impacts on human health. Being in an enclosed restaurant with smokers surely is not a pleasant experience for non-smokers.

Smoking is not only harmful to the smokers but everyone around them that inhales the smog. The respiratory system in a human body, or any other creatures, when inhaling smoke may be vulnerable to serious illness. There may be people who are more vulnerable to the smoke of cigarettes in the restaurants like children, pregnant women, people with lung diseases, the elderly, and more. Not everyone's immune system is as capable of dealing with the smoke.

The odour from smoking can remain in the air and in the furniture of a restaurant, thus creating a negative atmosphere. You should not be smelling any weird smells in a decent restaurant, anyway. There also lies fire hazards with smoking. Throwing away cigarettes carelessly, with flammable materials in contact, can cause a fire affecting the safety of everyone in the building. 

In summary, people's lives must be prioritized and kept protected at all times, at any places in the country."
"Nowadays, many people think that restaurants should forbidden smoking in their places. I strongly agree with this opinion. There are two main reasons why smoking should be banned.

Firstly, smoking affects not only the ones who smoke but also people around them. Smoke from the cigarettes contains lots of harmful substances which can cause severe health diseases. The effects of it is extremely worse when pregnant woman is the one who breathes it. Harmful chemicals from the smoke could lead to changes in the genes, and over time, the baby would be born being handicapped or extremely ill. 

Secondly, air pollution could be caused by smoking, especially restaurants which use air conditioners. They have to close all the door in order to keep the temperature low, and if someone smokes, the whole room could smell it. Although some restaurants do have smoking areas, there are still many cases that they forget to close the door or the smoke could get in through small holes. 

To conclude, people find that restaurants should not allow smoking, and I totally agree with this idea. By banning smoking, other people could have a fresh air to enjoy their meal and the people who smoke themselves might gain health benefits.  "
