I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is not good for health.It makes us a lot of damage for health. Not only for smoker but also near from him can cause damage too. In this country, a lot of shopkeepers sale cigarettes to young people like 12,13,14,15,16,17 years old. They are only under age. They are just kids. Shopkeepers sale cigarettes to young people for the money. So young people can buy cigarettes easily and they smoke it easily. Thay smoke everywhere like home, public place, office, school, restaurant, etc... At the restaurant, there are all kind of people like babies, kids, teen-agers, men, women, older people, etc... When the smoker smoke at the restaurant , the people who don't like  smoking will annoy and who have some kind of illness, they will be worse in health. For babies and kids, when they breathe the smoke , they can be a lot of problem in their respiratory system and not good for lungs. And the babies and the kids are learners. They will learn that bad habit and will do when they become at teen-ager. So I suppose that smoking should be completely banned at the all restaurants in the country.
  Nowadays, smoking becomes normal thing or habit, especially, among the teenagers. They think that smoking makes them more attractive. They usually smoke everywhere they go. So, I agree with the statement,   Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country  .
When we smoke, it mostly impacts to our lungs and causes us serious diseases. In the restaurants, there are all ages of people. Smoking gives bad affects not only to those who smoke but also to those who breathe the smoke. If there are older people and babies in the restaurants, their health may be worse as they are more sensitive than others. People come to the restaurants for relaxing, meeting or having fun. Restaurant is such a public place and smokes can spread to the air and create unpleasant environment. It will be definitely annoying to others. Moreover, when children see smoking, they can be easily imitating. There are numerous examples of people suffering from cancers due to smoking.
Smoking is like drugs and it can destroy people lives. By banning smoking in the restaurants, it can slightly help to those smokers who are trying to quit smoking. Thus, smoking should be completely banned at the restaurants in the country. 
 I disagree with this statement.However this is a public area you should and we should take caution of others peple situations. There might be including a person who has heart attack and some people having lung relating cases.Even if you don't know you shouldn't behave in this way.I feel like this is dont do thing right.we shouldnt an all the people shouldn't done this way.This is not forcing.I'm not forcing people to do this or do that.Everyone has their own opinions right?for be full or maybe half there might be some people who would agree with this statement.They might be Man or they might be woman.Despite the gender everyone has brains.They are not brainless creatures that god bless with.We have our own opinions and thoughts and some kinds of thoughts to decide on our own right,.diseases and some other things like drugs .All drugs start from a single cigrette  so drugs ; they are not some fun hazards to be play with.They are dangerous serious and yet they are not legally bounded by some other situations right.so I really do disagree with this statement.Just briefly not so strong that's all for my statement. And opinions of yours decide or don't that's all up to you lads.
 
Yes, I do agree that smoking should be really completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Restaurant is a place for eating and drinking somewhat with relaxing. It is not a place for smoking. Smoking is harmful for not only smokers but also surrounding people. When they smoke, the gas spreads out in the air. By breathing, other people becomes second smoker. In the restaurants, there are many people and also the children too. This is many dangerous. Students may be smokers by doing like that they see it. From man to children, everyone should avoid smoking. It is harmful not only physicals but also mental. Smoking cause many diseases that can hurt the lungs, pharynx, throat and also. Sometimes people smoke when they are in depressed because of work and the surrounding people. They drop the pressure and stress using this way. So, I do not say that smoking should be completely banned at all. But they should smoke in the smoking area and not in the public area. Smoking in the limited area for smokers cause the unwanted problems and contamination less. Should be never smoke not only at the restaurants but also other public areas   and completely banned it in the country. Follow the rules and maintain the environments. By doing like that the earth will be better and better and also the lifestyle of people will be higher and higher.Yes, this is win -win sitaution.
I agree that smoking should be completely banned out all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is worse for everyone and it can be disrupted for our health. It can be harm our lungs. Some old people smoke cigarettes medicinally but nowadays those cigarettes are not the same. The young people smoke every time and everywhere.Even, we can see that including  Don't allow to be able to smoke under 18 years old  on the cigarettes box but some teenagers ;14 or  15 years old do that everywhere. We should ban strictly to the young people from smoking in public areas or in the restaurants. Restaurant is a place that can get tasty food easily and everyone can eat comfortably. Many people eat their breakfast or lunch in the restaurants. They want to relax  there so that they eat out. This area should be non- smoking area because there has old people; grandparents ,and babies or children. If you want to smoke ,you can go out and you don't smoke in the restaurants. Most of the people are not actually to inhale your smoking smell,  of course,they are eating their lunch in the restaurants. The young people addict smoking even they know the side effects of smoking. Some people think that smoking is their own styles actually, this smoking can cause infectious diseases in their mouth, lungs and neck.So that  I agree that smoking should be completely banned out all the restaurants and also public areas, schools and colleges.
 Smoking is the process of inhaling and exhaling the smoke of tobacco. Many people love to smoke cigarettes for a short time pleasure. Some university boys I know always smoke cigarettes between 20 to 30 cigarettes a day. Smoking cannot be stopped if the mind is not determined. Extreme smoking can lead to cause so many health diseases such as cancers, respiratory disorders, lungs diseases. 
Smoking causes extreme harm not only to the people who smoke but also to the surrounding people who inhale the smoke by passing by or sitting together. However, I disagree with the statement that smoking should be banned from all the restaurants. Although smoking is extremely harmful to people, sometimes, smoking cigarettes is regarded a thing to reduce stress, feel pleasure for a short time and concentrate. This is the reason why so many people couldn't quit smoking because they think they can't deal with so many work pressure. Smoking boosts peoples' nerves to become calm and make minds clear. Moreover, in some settings, smoking is an icebreaker. Smoking is a great way to socialize with friends by handling a cigarette. It is easier for people who smoke to fit in the same group and become friendly friends. These are the reasons why smoking should not be banned from every restaurants. It also doesn't mean smoking should be allowed in every place. 
People shouldn't smoke in some places such as universities, stage schools and public areas. The smoking areas should be specified and people should allow the rules and smoke in only that area. They should be aware of that extreme smoking can cause breathing disorders and even death. The world be more pleasant to live in if each individual following the smoking rules. 
             Nowadays, smoking is quite common among public and almost everyone especially young generations. Smoking has terrible impact both on active smokers themselves and people around them. In my perspective, the idea of smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Although smoking can't be discarded easily at restaurants, we will need to take as a task to remove as soon as possible. Tips below will show why we need ban smoking at all restaurants.
             First of all, restaurant is the place where people come and have their meal and relax. There may be some kids with eateries and the main point why smoking should be banned at all. Kids can't resist the smoke and no one especially their parents don't want to see their kids other people smoking cigarettes and they don't want to imitate their kids those wrong habits. Not only kids but also even adults including old people can't stay because of smoke. There will be much harmful when the restaurants are air conditioned. Additionally, smoking must affect health disease such as serious heart attack and lung cancers concerning with respiratory systems. Both active smokers and people around them may cause serious diseases  and smoking can finally even lead to death. The symptoms rarely take time to show but later the symptoms may grow bigger and bigger and finally even the smoker himself can cause to death. It's too creepy to hear that kind of stuffs. As far as I conclude, smoking is a bad addiction for everyone and that's why smoking should be banned at all in restaurants. 
 
 There are people who like smoking and those who do not. Some people argue that smoking is a personal choice and should be allowed.I can accept that when they smoke in some smoking areas.But in the restaurants,I think it is not right to smoke because it can be harmful to everyone.That's why smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.

There are several reasons why smoking should be banned at all restaurants. One of the most significant reasons is that smoking is harmful to people's health. Smoking can cause serious health problems like lung cancer and respiratory infections. Moreover, smoking can be on fire that can cause damage to people's lives and properties.Finally, smoking can also be distrusted non-smokers who are trying to enjoy their meals.

Despite these reasons, some people still believe that smoking should be allowed at restaurants. They argue that smoking is a personal choice and that people should be allowed to smoke if they want to. However, there may be children and also pregnant women in the places like restaurants.So it's the best not to smoke in there.

In conclusion, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country for many reasons such as being harmful to everyone's health, causing dangerous condition like fire. While some people may argue that smoking is a personal choice, it is important to consider the health and safety of everyone. 
     Being healthy is the most vital process in our life. If we are unhealthy, it can cause hesitation in our life process. So, people should keep their healthy habits and avoid things which can damage their health. There are many causes and bad habits which can damage our health. Among them, smoking contains as one of the most dangerous cause lead to death. Even some deadly diseases can only harm for firsthand. Also, some bad habits such as drinking alcohol too much causes liver damage symptoms but only the firsthand(the alcoholic) suffers those symptoms. Smoking can affect not only the firsthand who does smoking but also the secondhand who is nearby the smoker and inhale that smoke. Smoking causes the deadly diseases: heart disease, lung cancer, etc. Besides, though the smoker likes the smell and everything of smoking, it can annoy nonsmoker around him. So, we should pay respect to the others. Mostly in the public area, smoking should not be allowed. A restaurant is a place where most people spend their time together with their family, friends and their beloved ones. They have their favorite meal sharing the topics each other. It is also a place employers discuss about their business. At the restaurant, if a smoker smokes, it makes non-smokers annoy. Then, it will be conflict between the smoker customer and those who dislike smoking. It is annoyance for the rest customers. As well as, it causes air pollution for the environment. Therefore, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
 Nowadays, most of the people not only adults but also teenagers use tobacco. They also smoke in public areas without any disciplines. So, some people say that smoking should not allowed in public location. As a human beings in our society, I have also responsibility for our community. Thus, I totally agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. 
              First of all, smoking is the most dangerous habit for all the living things. Smoking in the restaurants causes lungs diseases and kills not only the smoker but also the people who come to the restaurants. Children also suffer the heart diseases, cancer, lungs diseases by inhaling the smoke. Smoking affect both the smoker and the secondhand smoker who are around the smoker.
                Moreover, smoking also destroy our environment. Smoking also cause air pollution. If the pregnant lady inhaled the smoke, it increases the risk for pregnancy complications. On the other hand, smokers say that smoking give them some advantages. They say that smoking help them to reduce stress, make them happy and help them relax. However, they can get these feeling in another way. They should not exchange their lives with unnecessary things.
              To sum up, tobacco use increases the risk for many types of cancers. It also reduces our immune system and causes kills. It is also dangerous for all living things including plants. It also causes reproductive effects in women. For all the above reasons, I totally agree that smoking should begin completely banned in all the restaurants in the country. 
 To be honest, behalf of the public, not just regarding my own view, I would like to agree with this statement. 
Some people say that somking can cause several diseases so that it should be banned. As a well-educated 
university student, it should not be banned at all. It just needs limitations and certain rules for smoking. Everything can't be stable for long without limit. The first thing  is to declare the bad sides and disaventages of 
smoking . Then, we need to define certain places for restrictions in most of the places especially where we need to deal with people. Some people are suffering from lung diseases and other related diseases through inhaling others' smoking. Those passive smokers are really worthless and they don't deserve  to suffer. To describe more, one of the busiest and crowed places is restaurant. In some restaurants, we can see the cautions like no smoking, smoking is not allowed, etc. Sadly, some people refuse to follow the rules because they can' t live without smoking and this habit grows day by day. So they don't have time to think about of the others. To say frankly, they are selfish and don't have the sense that it can distrub others and it can cause other consequent diseases not only for himself but also for public. Sometimes, it's quite hard to get out from the place at once when we start to notice the smoking as we are surrounded by crowds. The other important fact that I shouldn't mention is that it has worse impact especially on infants and oldies. So long story short, if we want to preserve our environment and lead to healthy lifestyle without any barriers, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. 
 I disagree because there are non-smoking and smoking area have at some resturants all the country.I think smoking is not good for everyone but some people smokes too much.Smoking give us a lot of disease.Some people smokes too much.Some people had a good idea that they made non-smoking area as special areas in some resturants.Cigarettes cause diseases such as lungs diseases etc.Nowadays young people prefer cigarettes.It is popular than smoking.Cigarettes is very dangerous for us.We can't see that diseases in our body.So,we must need to avoid from smoking and cigarettes.Therefore,non-smoking and smoking areas occur.Healthy is very important for everyone.We should know about healthy.All the restaurtants have many people in afternoon.Someone smokes too much and he ignore his environment.At this time other people eats their lunch the smoking smell will cause diseases.It is not suitable for environments and other people.I wanna suggest that non-smoking and smoking areas must have at all the restaurants all the country.We need to health everyday.We need to avoid from smoking.Actually,we shouldn't smoke because it can give the bad diseases.We should protect our life from the bad conditions.Our young life can make to success everything but we avoid the bad habitats such as smoking and drinking too much.
201 
 Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in our country. Firstly, smoking is one of the way that
make air pollution. If we breath , smoke from cigarattes can  come into our nose so our health can affect worsely.
Air pollution can cause many bad natural destoryers such storm, lightning storm, tsunami and others. Smoke from
cigrattes can make us to happen lung cancer. Smoking can destory our breathing system. We should follow the 
non-smoking sign in every restutants, shopping centers, parks, buses, cinemas and public area. That is one kind of
ethic. Smoking can guide us to wrong ways. Fisrtly, we use cigrattes for fun then we focus to alcohol and finally we 
can even use the weeds or W.Y. According to religion, using alcohol is the one of the rules that Buddha banned.
We should not use cigrattes in public area because there can be people who cannot defend the smoke because 
of the weakness of lung, injuring of breathing system and others. At restaurants, we are going to eat some food but
if the smoke from cigrattes come into our nose, we can not continue our eating. So, you should think about others  
feelings. So I agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. 
 As we, human beings are living together with each other, there must be some disciplines and rules for some special places in order to maintain the foundation of our environment. But there still have some disciplines that people cannot accept. For example,  Smoking is banned at all the restaurants  is one of the disciplines all of the people cannot follow. For me, this discipline is not very suitable for the smokers.
Smoking is the action that can disturb all the surrounding people. So, smoking is banned at most of the restaurants not to disturb other customers. In my opinion, banning for smoking at the restaurants is breaking the right of the human. Because there will be some customers who want to smoke. For those customers, the restaurants should give some service for them. For example, keeping some restricted place for them to smoke. 
Like this service can be attracted by the smokers. Also, this way is very suitable not only for the customers but also for the owner.  He or she can get a lot of demand and good review from them more than other restaurants. But, they should always be careful about the restricted place whether it is convenience for all the customers. By doing like this way, I think, it will be a win-win situation for both.
In conclusion, as we know, the people living in the world cannot be the same. So, there may have some problems while we are dealing with each other. However, we can solve these things by discussing with each other about the win-win situation. Like the case from the mentioned above, we should not think something only from one point of view. That is why, I disagree with the statement,  Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country .
 
 I agree with this statement smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Smoking can affect our life. Smoking is dangerous for our health. The gas from smoking cigarettes destroys the fresh air and if the gas enters our lungs that affects our health. As for me, I hate the smell of cigarettes. I can't smell the gas. There are many people like me who cannot smell the gas of cigarettes. If older people and children breathe the gas from smoking, their health will not be good. In restaurants, there are many people who enjoy their food. If someone smokes cigarette in restaurants, it may affect them. So if u want to drink a cigarette, u should go to the place that can be. You mustn't drink cigarettes in restaurants. If you see no smoking sign in that area, you should not drink cigarettes in that area. This area may be a place where many people stay.Some restaurants have smoking areas and people who want to drink should go to this place. That is good for all people in restaurants. Smoking has no advantages for our lives. It affects our health. I advise you not to drink cigarette.	
 
 Yes, I agree that. As you know, smoking is so dangerous in our community but everyone who is smoke perform smoking in public areas till they know about it. Our country is developing country. So, there is have a lots of young people and then they smoke. Young people is best future in the future but they ever smoke, they must be undeveloped contry.

In recent years, there has been a growing recognition of the detrimental effects of smoking on public health and the need to protect individuals from the hazards of secondhand smoke. Restaurants, as spaces where people gather to enjoy a meal and socialize, should be safe and healthy environments for everyone. This essay argues that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. 
Smoking is a leading cause of preventable diseases and premature deaths worldwide. Secondhand smoke, the combination of smoke exhaled by smokers and the smoke released from burning cigarettes, is equally harmful to non-smokers.

A smoke-free dining environment enhances the overall experience for all restaurant visitors. Smoking not only releases unpleasant odors but also creates a lingering smoke haze that can be bothersome and off-putting to many people. The absence of smoke improves air quality, making the restaurant atmosphere more pleasant and inviting.

A complete ban on smoking in all restaurants is a necessary step towards creating healthier, safer, and more enjoyable dining environments. By prioritizing public health, protecting patrons and staff, and promoting social responsibility, such a ban would contribute to a smoke-free culture and reduce the detrimental effects of secondhand smoke. Restaurants play a significant role in shaping public spaces and can serve as catalysts for positive change. Therefore, it is imperative that policymakers and restaurant owners recognize the urgency of implementing a nationwide ban on smoking in all restaurants, thereby fostering a healthier and more inclusive society for all. 
              Many people smoke in public areas, especially in Myanmar. According to research, smoking can affect people directly or indirectly. As for me, I totally stand with the statement that smoking is not allowed in all restaurants.
             We can easily find out that there are many disadvantages to smoking in restaurants, both for themselves and their surroundings. In restaurants, firstly there can be sometimes pregnant ladies or older people. If there will be undisciplined smokers, pregnant ladies and some people can be damaged by the smoke. Besides, infants and kids will also have meals with their family. They are too young to inhale smoke which contains carbon dioxide and other dangerous ingredients. 
            Secondly, it annoys people who are having a meal peacefully at a restaurant. Imagine a period in which smoke comes into your mouth while you are having your favorite dish. In my view, I guess my anger will explode at that criminals. Moreover, smoking can damage our health extremely. It can damage our pharynx and lungs. Lungs are essential for creatures to absorb oxygen and release carbon dioxide. So, is there any reason to smoke in life? Also, there are no benefits for smokers. 
          Finally, many people accept that smoking is bad behavior. The one who smokes in public areas, mainly in restaurants, can be regarded as a ruffler. Parents may teach their generation not to smoke in the future. Then, children remind it and they will be disdainful of smokers. Therefore, people should avoid smoking as much as possible.
          To conclude, pregnant ladies and older people cannot resist smoke. Pregnant ladies are VIPs because they bear future expectations for the country. For those reasons I mentioned before, I accept that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants.  
Yes,I agree above the statement.We should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.Because smoking  can very hurt  not only yourself butaslo your loving people  and society and health is very important for human-beings.Thus,they say that  health is wealth .So,to be healthy , we ourselves have to do some things or avoid doing some things.One of the things not to do is smoking.Smoking is like slowly killing yourself.If we smoke , we breathe in not only oxygen but aslo the smoke which is full of carbon dioxide.It causes damage to the function of the lungs.The more we smoke,the more the function of the lungs is damaged.Not only the lungs are badly affected by smoking but also every organ suffers the same bad effect,especially the heart.Smoking is the main cause of cancer,which certainly causes death to us.Smoking will cause the society to suffer the same negative effects as above,as well as cause mental disturbance,especially in restaurants.So we should be avoided more.In my opinion,I think we should effectively stop smoking in the restaurant.Some restaurants have  no smoking signs but some people don't follow it.So,like other countries,if there is a punishment system for littering or smoking ,and  our country does the same,we will be able to reduce and ban smoking.
 In these days, smoking can be regarded as a social issue all over the countries because not only smoker himself but also people around him can be suffered from the negative consequences of it. So, a lot of people suggest that smoking should be completely restricted, especially in common areas such as restaurants in the country. I personally think that it is a good idea and the reasons will be discussed in the following paragraphs.
Significantly, there are a great number of side effects caused by smoking that cannot be ignored. Firstly, smoking is a horrible enemy of lungs and mouth which can even lead to cancer, which is a chronic disease and cannot be totally annihilated. Secondly, it can also trigger heart diseases, shortage of breath, and stroke. Besides, some smokers said that they loss their appetite and cannot focus on their daily tasks because of an impact of smoking. Moreover, even if they try to quit it, they have to overcome the difficulty of sleeping. 
Furthermore, smoking is very dangerous for non-smokers of different levels of age including young children if they are surrounded by smokers. Typically, there are various types of customers in a restaurant. Kids and older people will definitely come along with their families in order to enjoy the meals. They are really sensitive to the undesirable effects of smoking.
Overall, it can be assumed that smoking is beneficial for human with no reason. Although it is true that everyone has their own right whether they will avoid it or not, it should not be allowed in a common spot like a restaurant by considering for other people' health. Hence, I think that smoking should be forbidden in all the restaurants. 
 The negative effects of smoking on health are widely known, and it has long been an issue of debate. It is essential that smoking be completely prohibited in every restaurant in the nation in order to foster a healthy environment and restaurant workforce.
The health and wellbeing of all customers and restaurant staff would be protected by prohibiting smoking in restaurants, first and foremost. Multiple respiratory and cardiovascular issues are brought on by smoke exposure, which smoking is a really known health risk. By banning smoking inside restaurants, the chance that non-smokers would be exposed to dangerous pollutants drastically drops, making for a better and more enjoyable restaurant environment for everybody.
The restaurant sector would benefit economically from a smoke-free dining atmosphere. Businesses are likely to draw a wider population of customers, especially family and people who are concerned with their health, if there are no smoke-related complaints. The health of the workforce would also advance, increasing productivity and lowering time off for sickness.
The last benefit of a statewide ban on smoking in restaurants is that it would encourage a change in culture toward healthier lifestyles and deter young people from starting to smoke. The generalization of smoking habits would progressively decline through reducing the amount of smoking in public places, leading to a healthy community as a whole.
 
       Everyone is aware of and agrees that smoking is an unhealthy habit for people of all ages and circumstances. Because of this, the reasons and harmful effects for smoking are displayed as a reminder on tobacco boxes. 
     Therefore the answer to the question   Should smoking be entirely prohibited at all the restaurants in the countries   is unquestionably no.   We must, however, respect one another's decisions. Despite knowing the harms caused by smoking, some people nevertheless continue to smoke. In our nation, there are several shops and restaurants with inside smoking areas. Therefore, if the restaurant offers something similar, I believe smoking is acceptable. If not, however, I believe smoking should be prohibited in public areas, including restaurants. Smoking has a greater negative impact on those around the smoker than it does on the smoker. We need to be aware of this for the main reason. 
To make dining for everyone healthier and more enjoyable, an entire smoking ban in all restaurants is a crucial first step. Restaurants should make their customers feel comfortable because they are public locations where people meet to eat. It is a proactive step that puts public health first, improves the quality of the air, and promotes the physical and mental health of smokers and non-smokers equally.
 
 Personally, I totally agree with the point that numerous studies have shown that smoking has harmful consequences for both users and non-smokers, making it a long-debated topic. Promoting the well-being and health of the public has received a lot of attention recently. The prohibition of smoking in all restaurants nationwide is a critical first step in achieving this goal. 
Smoking, offers serious health dangers to both active and passive smokers. Smoking has been cited by the World Health Organization (WHO) as a major contributor to illnesses that can be avoided, such as heart disease, lung cancer, and asthma.Bans on smoking would considerably advance public health protection. This decrease in toxic exposure would result in fewer smoking-related diseases, which would be advantageous to both individuals and the country's healthcare system.Families and friends frequently visit at restaurants to share meals. A smoking ban would foster a more welcoming atmosphere for families by allowing parents to bring their kids to restaurants without being concerned that they'll be exposed to toxic smoke.According to studies, prohibiting smoking in public places like restaurants might enhance business because nonsmokers and their families feel more at peace eating there.The government can lead by example by outlawing smoking in restaurants. This policy emphasizes the value of putting public health first and pursuing healthier lifestyles.
To improve public health, and foster a family-friendly environment, smoking should be banned at all restaurants and it is  the nation critical first step. 
While some people believe smoking to be a negative habit, others believe it to be a stress-relieving and mood-enhancing activity. Teenage years are when the majority of boys start smoking because that is when they are most open to trying new things. Girls nowadays frequently smoke as well. Smoking is popular among young people as they want to be stylist.. Smoking is not permitted in public areas including restaurants, public transportation, schools, and healthcare facilities. because a wide variety of people can be found in public spaces. Additionally, smoking is harmful to everyone, not only kids and the elderly.  Because of this, smoking should to be entirely prohibited in all restaurants across the nation. However, it would be beneficial for restaurant owners to create a smoking area inside the restaurants they own. In any case, smoking is certainly not a beneficial habit for everyone. Smoking can lead to a variety of major health issues, including coronary artery disease, diabetes, cancer, and lung disease. These health issues can be brought on not only by smokers but also by people who breathe smoke. Restaurants are somewhere to eat, not smoke in. For the reasons listed above, smoking must  be entirely prohibited in all restaurants across the whole country.   
                 I agreed that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking can not only damage the health of the person who smoke but also affect the health of the people around him. The restaurant is the place where all kinds of people visit. They can include the old ages, the kids, babies, teenagers and the pregnant women. If someone accidently smoke near the pregnant women, it can affect the health of not only the pregnant women but also the baby inside her. It can also damage the health of the old ages and babies if they are near him. That is why some restaurants announced that it is the 'no smoking area ' with posters. In some restaurants, the tables are very close to each other. So, if someone from a table smoke without looking around and noticing the environment, the people around him can affect their health by inhaling the smokes. If people have respect for each other, they should not do this kind of behaviors not only in restaurants but also at other public places. Smoking and inhaling smokes can cause both asthma and respiratory diseases. So, if there are people who have these diseases in the restaurant ,these smokes  can extremely damage their lungs.
 
While dining out, everybody ought to have the freedom to breathe in wholesome, smoke-free air. A smoking ban provides a happier and more enjoyable atmosphere for everyone, especially for non-smokers and people with respiratory issues like asthma.
Restaurants have a significant role in society as centers of interpersonal communication and civic engagement. By prohibiting smoking, they provide a good example for their customers—especially the younger ones—preventing them from starting to smoke and fostering an atmosphere of wellness and good health.  Families and non-smokers that might have avoided restaurants because of the smoke are more inclined to frequent smoke-free areas. Recognizing how crucial it is to safeguard the people's health, a large number of nations have already enacted laws banning smoking in public places like restaurants. By imitating them, we conform to worldwide norms and show our dedication to the health and happiness of our citizens.

For the sake of the general public's health and the safety of both customers and workers, restaurants must completely forbid smoking. By outlawing smoking, we foster a healthier atmosphere, lower the risk of illness, set good examples, and advance the economy. It's time for our nation to firmly oppose smoking in restaurants, making sure that everyone can enjoy their meals in a  smoke-free restaurant environment. 
I agree on this topic.As far as I am concerned,smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.Smoking is the silent killer for human being.It kills millions of people every year.There are a lot of side effects to smoking.In the first place,smoking causes air pollution. Our pleasant and beautiful environment can be destroyed for the reason that people smoke.There are many secondhand smokers in the world.Mostly,the ladies and babies are secondhand smokers.In spite of the fact that they aren't smokers,they will be harmed as real smokers.We may lose our family members by smoking.In many restaurants,the organizers arrange smoking areas for smokers.If smoking is banned at all the restaurants in the country,the number of smokers will decrease than the early.In addition,the smoker will suffer cancer and so many diseases. Besides,they can die earlier than the people who don't smoke. Moreover,your skin will be wrinkle if you smoke.You will look older than your present age.The government should punish not only the people who smoke in public places but also the people who sell cigarettes in the market.There is a saying  Smoking likes burning money .Using cigarette is a kind of money waste.If you don't smoke, you can save more money and you can live longer.In recent years,there are many programs to reduce smokers.Smoking is privacy.We won't be able to command or control all the people.The smokers will smoke whatever they want.However, many people were killed by smoking. Therefore,we need to ban smoking as much as we can.
     Smoking is very popular nowadays.You can see most people are enjoying at smoking.Smoking make them  to feel relax so we should not make rules them not to smoke.I said lucidly nobody don't like to make rules to them.I also don't like to make to me.
 If you make rule such as where is a no smoking area,smoking don't allow these words make them so annoying and make upset.It is same that you interfrences to their privacy.Most people are smoke when they are outdoors such as teas shops ,bus stops,pavements and roads.I also smoke so I also don't like to make the rules to me .Although I don't like rules I don't smoke the places where the rules are made.I dom't like rule but I respect the rules.When you pay respect each other the rules are not to announce.
 Although smoking make them unhealthy ,you should not make rule for them because their lifestyles are their rule.You should pay respect to them.We have only rule that is we should not interfrences to other people cases.Especially don't make rules not to do what they enjoy to do.So I disagree with smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. 
 Smoking has always been a hot debate, as it has been shown to have harmful consequences on one's health. It is crucial that smoking be completely outlawed in all restaurants throughout the nation in order to encourage healthier living conditions and safeguard both customers and restaurant personnel.
First and foremost, a complete smoking ban in restaurants would protect individual health and wellbeing such as customers and staff at the restaurants. A known health risk, secondhand tobacco smoke causes a variety of respiratory and cardiovascular issues. The chance of harmful pollutants being inhaled by non-smokers is greatly reduced when smoking is prohibited inside restaurants, making everyone's mealtime healthier and more enjoyable.
Furthermore, a complete ban on smoking in restaurants would encourage  toward healthier lifestyle choices especially for young people who like starting to smoke as they think that they will be attractive to girls if they smoke. Reducing exposure to smoking in public places will eventually reduce the accepted norm of smoking behavior, resulting in a healthier society as a whole.
In conclusion, a complete prohibition on smoking in all restaurants is not just a concern of public health but also a crucial step towards making a dining environment that is cleaner, safer, and more pleasant. We can make tremendous progress toward a smoke-free future by promoting population health, which will benefit people who smoke, and the country as a whole. 
 There are increasingly number of people who smoke cigarettes around the world.However,it is not fair to stop them from smoking,in that case,people should also have the mindset-smoking only at the outdoor,or away from the crowd.From my personal viewpoint,I partially agree with the ideas that smoking should not be accepted at all the restaurants in the country,but it is not an appropriate method-banning smoking completely.

The smoke from smoking is bad for those-not only the kids but also the pets, if they breathed in the air which could cause the consequences for their health.Followed by this,smoking becomes inappropriate in the eyes of others.Eventually,the regulation of banning smoking at the puclic areas,for example;bus station,national park,school areas,and others.Hence,the rule is fair enough for both,either they smoke or not.

One the one hand,people could not satisfy with the rule,they want the influence over the ones who smoke by holding the fact that smoking is bad for health.People do smoking for some reasons and the common one is that they desire to reduce the feelings of stress,sadness.and the mixture of all kinds of thoughts and feelings.However,there will always be some kind of people withnarrow-minded and uneducated behaviour.For those people,the restaurants should prepare both outdoor and indoor place.This might be the best solution for the restaurants,instead of making the customers feel uncomfortable and shameful.

Overall,the government should acknowledge the citizens not only the fact that smoking is bad but also the mindset of people-demanding the power or influncence over the oppose.This is the main reason caused the problem-the different opinions over smoking should be completely banned or not at the restaurants. 
 Some people born with wonderful life and some with awful life. We can not create our own destiny. But we can make our own choices and we have human rights. Respect is the best thing that we have and we should take it seriously. Most of us cannot change gene and also habits like smoking and speaking loudly. But, if this habit is not good for you and your environment, you should avoid it in public area. In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
We go to the restaurants with our parents, friends and children as our own pleasant place to relax. We all know the disadvantages ofsmoking. Firstly, it can harm your health badly and the smoke from your cigarettes can lead to environmental harm. Secondly, smoking can cause intensive disease like cancer, heart attack and phthisic. Thirdly, you can suffer from insomnia because of the high rate of your heart beat.
Furthermore, smokers should respect others and the cons of your constitution. If you some in common area like restaurants, you should sympathize the anxious of mothers for their children. In addition, you are craving and cannot stand without smoking, you can go outside and crave your pardon.
Lastly, sometimes, you smoke cigarettes to reduce stress and create new things even in restaurants but you need to remind yourself as this is not good for your health and others.
In conclusion, human right is for all the people in the world. You do your rights but if it harms others, you do not deserve your right. We should live our life safely and save the world from dangerous situation. We can change the better version of the world by ourselves. So, my opinion is smoking should be completely banned add at all the restaurants in the country because you only live once and you deserve so mush better
 
Smoking can be considered as one of the bad things that can destroy health. Smelling the smoke can also give the same health problem with the ones who smoke. However, there are also people who cannot cut the smoking. On the other hand, there are people who can stop the bad habit of smoking. Starting from a very long time in the past, people passionated smoking as their life style. Holding cigarette in their hands became a fashion. Independent women needed to learn to smoke. Therefore, adults and smoking became a pair that will go together as part of growing up. As I mentioned about, even smelling the smoke can give trouble to our health, smoking among the people is inappropriate. So, smoking in the restaurants will be no need to explain. People come and eat to get a healthy life style. They do not pay the restaurants to buy the cigarette smell. However, if the smoking was banned in the restaurants forever, we are breaking the freedom of the people who smoke. Therefore, restaurants should create a room for people who smoke and a room for the people who do not smoke. And it is totally depending on the people to smoke or not to smoke because it is their duty for their own sake. 
As a non-smoking person I agreed.I mean I not saying no to smoke to the people who smoke.It is their decision.Some people like to smoke or some people smoke because of their social environment like giving respect their boss in work when meeting outside of work.But due to health problem,elders who eat in restaurants of their health might not to be good due to their age.Smoking is not the same as drinking beer or alcohol.Drinking beer can only to the people who drinks.But Smoking can harm to other people around the smoking people and non-smoking people like as, not like the smell of the cigarette.We all come to eat at the restaurants not to smell the smoke from cigarette.If they want to smoke go smoke at the outside or go smoke at the free smoking area.But we really don't need to ban smoking in restaurants in all around the country.Because we all have our right ways to do whether we want in public.As my thought,If we ban smoking in country the cigarette company might be broke and workers from that company factory will be unemployed in no time.
"Every people know smoking is not good for health. Smoking can many diseases like lung cancer and so on. Smoker will firstly die all over the world. Smoking gas can be dangerous for our environment. So, people should stop to smoke.Therefore, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Nowadays, every shopping mall banned smoking.It has a smoking areas.I think,this way is the best for my opinion.This way will protect our environment from one corner. If not only all the restaurants but also public area can be prevented pregnant women and baby. Smoking gas is extremely dangerous for pregnant women and baby.A pregnant woman who inhale smoking gas may be at risk for her baby.So,smokers should be taken care in public area especially around pregnant women.Every country,most of the male boys and man are smoking.They released to smoke because isn't not good for health.Smoking is very dangerous for us. So, we try to stop smoking. Under 18 person should not smoke.It is very dangerous.So, smoking should be extremely bunned every public areas and restaurants. So that our environment will be a safe environment.

"
"          Smoking is very bad for every people.We should completely banned smoking.Smoking get us very bad result.This cause very bad disease for our health.We can cause many disease in our body.Such as,throat cancer,heart disease,breathing problems and etc.
            Tobacco smoke is the most dangerous element of air pollution for health.All smoke contain different chemical.Smoking can make existing health condition worse.Smoking causes around 7 out of every 10 cases of lung cancer.It can also destroy our environment,the earth and can kill people.We can also see bans on smoking in TV show.So we should avoid smoking.Beside,tobacco smoke can affect the health of the people around us.We should avoid smoking in crowded places.Example,restaurants,hospital,markets and etc.
               Smoking costs a lot of money to buy and use it.Don't buy disease with money.Instead of using it here,use it in another useful place.Try cutting on it and then slowly give it up altogether. I think smoking should be banned in every country as it dangerous not only you but also other people.                    "
I strongly agree about this topic. Because it's very important to our health. In human being, health is the most important part of our life. By smonking we can have a health problem like heart disease,lung disease, breathing problem, cancer and so on. Smoking can cause alot of problem in the world. In my researched, WHO estimate that more tahn 8 million people die per years. So I wish somking should be completely banned at all the public places in the country. Especially, at the hospital, school, bus stop station park and so on. The most dangerous part is that it harms almost every organ of our body.Also for a smoker, they can't live longer than non-smoker. Nowaday, many young people smoking in very young age. By doing tjis they destory their lifes and give a lot of pressure for their parents. Young people are died because of smoking. That's why I agree to banned smoking in every country. It is very bad to smoke around children's. It can harm their lungs because their lung are stills develiping. Also it's very very dangerous for pregnant women. When she smoke it can harm to her unborn baby. Smoking harm evry people and it can destory the world. So I hope in the future smoking should be banned in every country.
Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country. I agree it. But some restaurant allow smoking. Smoking is not good for human. Smoking cause so many diseases. For example, lungs cancer, infectious disease and serious diseases. The worst is smoking can cause death. People come restaurant to eat but if smoking is allowed in restaurant, they will cause diseases. When a person are smoking, he will be caused diseases and so the people who around him can cause diseases too. In some areas, Smoking is not allowed. For example, in hospital. But some people ‌don`t adhere it. But in our country, most places allow smoking. In foreign countries, they don't allow to smoking in people thriving. Smoking is addictive. People can die because of smoking. There are many reasons to have diseases. One of those is smoking. Government banned smoking in central place. People should be considered smoking in that places.There are many dangers in world. Smoking is one of the dangerous things in the world. People know that smoking is not good for health but they can't stop smoking. They are making danger for everyone. Smoking damage our lungs. So I agree smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
In every pubic areas,there were a warning that is "No Smoking".But some people didn't care about these warning because they didn't have the knowledge of smoking.They need to have knowledge about this. We will see a picture and warning words on the cigarette box.That is a good idea but some people didn't care until now.So we need to share our knowledge from one people to the other.Smoking can cause many disease. For people who breath the steam of smoking also can get smoking related diseases. Therefore, it is very bad for smoking people.Some people addicted in smoking badly.That's why they didn't stay until the half of lifetimes. They dead range from 40 to 50 years .Cigarettes are also get in restaurants.I think that isn't a good idea.They need to stop selling in restaurants because it can cause negative effects for children and teenagers. So we need to speak out the damages of smoking.If we share these facts from one place to another,I think we will get a better future of our countries.That's why I disagree smoking and selling cigarettes in restaurants.
Smoking should be completely cause disease likes heart disease , lung diseases, cancer etc . They are many determine that the feeling of being killed slowly It effect it shows slowly step by step.I common seen smoking is everywhere likes roads, restaurant etc. Smoking can cause negative effects on the body. It include tobacco effects. Today most people are smoke the cigarettes. Some people only like to smoke.On the other hand, although they don't like cigarettes they think smoke is relax their stress, pressure it is not good habits. Smoking today is a very common sight effects for people of all ages . Today,Youngsters have the wrong concepts.Despite all the advertisements shown smoking in the cinemas ,magazine are dangerous.In other way smoking is an indirect methods of burning money.And it is not easy to stop smoking as it is start it . Therefore the best things to do it is not start to smoke . .Smoking is a so dangerous.So you should avoid the cigarettes of smoking.Above the mentions, Smoking should be completely banned at all the everywhere.
Smoking is the primary case many fital diseases.Morethan one million people were died by smoking.Nowdays not only Old men or women but also teenage kids are smoking.The primary disease of smoking is cancer of lung.We should not drink the cigarettes because of stress or for fun. From cigarettes to weed step by step and than you will receive the druger.Durgs can kill our bodies and our mine.That drugs are not the same anything nightmare.We should not drink the cigarettes because it is the first step of drugs. But many people still drinking cigarettes and we can't stop them.Some people are so crazy on cigarettes or weed.I called they are drugers.It will destroyed our life.We shouldn't start it.It will never end when you start it.You need more hungry the drugs.It became destroyed our lifes. When you can change your mind that's not worry things.I am 19 years old.When I have many stress I drink the cigarettes that's not many.But I'm not druger I can control myself and my mind.Finally I want to tell people about smoking,you don't drink the cigarettes.It will killed your life.
 In 21 century, the air was more pollutants. The one  thing is air pollution. Air pollution can cause various types of reason. However, the main thing is about smoke. The  smoke can destroy the ozone layer and destroy the weather. The one thing about smoke is smoking. Smoking are very popular not only men but also women. Smoking has no advertisement but it popular for people.However most of people observed smoking to smart their life style. Some people think that smoking can relax their mind. Actually, smoking can make more disease. It can destroy our lungs and cause lung cancer throat cancer . Some of the country regard smoking area because some of the people are annoying who live near the smoking person.The second person of smoking is also can get many diseases. Especially, the children have no enough strength of smoking. It can destroy their brain developing rate.
  There are many type about smoking . For example, cigarette and vape . Nowadays, the vape is much popular for teenager .They want to be more smart in their life for the help of the vape.They think ,if they used smoking related things , they will more smart.
 Finally, smoking is the thing for smart and it can destroy our life . And every government need to regard non-smoking zone in every place. Non -smoking can build our life more healthier. So, I want to describe non- smoking be have everyone life."
"Smoking is a habit that can hurt not only the person doing it but also those around them. That's why I believe smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants across the country. Smoking affects people's health. When someone smokes near others, the smoke they exhale and the one coming from the cigarette can hurt non-smokers, especially kids and older adults. Breathing in this smoke, called secondhand smoke, can cause many health problem like cancer. By banning smoking in restaurants, we can protect everyone health. And the restaurants are the place where family and friends come together to enjoy the food. Smoking can make dirty air and uncomfortable for people. So banning smoking in restaurants make more pleasant place for everyone. 
If smoking is not allowed in restaurants, some smokers might decide to quit .It could help them and others stay away from this habit. When smoking is banned in restaurants, it's like making a  rule to keep the air fresh and clean. It helps everyone have an enjoyable time eating out, free from any smoking smells or worries . That's why banning smoking in all restaurants would benefit everyone's health, create a better atmosphere, and encourage healthier choices."
"All over the world , people are smoking everyday. Smoking is mostly seen in smoking area, car park and etc . Burmese people also smoke in every where. for example bus-stop. Burmese old man like smoking. So they all feel throat problem. Some people are extremely 
this problem. Some feel throat cancer or TB or other health problems.

A lot of Burmese young man like smoking. they smoke every places. I always see in bus-stop where they smoke. In Myanmar, Smoking area is  less than national parks.When you breath the smoking smell , you are more  problem than the smokers.When you breath too much , you have got sore throat.When you are secondary smoker or first smoker ,you feel dizzy 
 and headache , rapid heart beat and shaking hands or legs .When you smoke very much , your lips is slowly black and your lungs too.the liquid in your stomach is black when it mix with smoking gas.This gas enter  form nose to brian when your brain is black too. And you feel throat problem. In this case, you can get treatment and stop smoking .But  when you continue smoking , you can get cancer in the throat .Fortunately, you can get chemo.

Above the reasons, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. But Restaurants should get smoking areas or smoking rooms."
" Non-smoking is very important for our health.If we will smoke our health can effect.There are have authority like ""Smoking can Kill "".It will not 
very good for our human generation for new year.It will not only effective for our health but also cause a lot of many.Even passive smoke can smoking infected diseases.The smoking can not only effective for health but also cause for air pollution.
   Non-smoking is good for our heal.In year after,year after, our generation of us can effective very a lot of smoking infected diseases like lung cancer and mouth cancer and every thing else.So we should reduce the
Smoking and do more physical exercise.The smoking can hurm to you heal but do exercise make your life more healthy.
     So to protect life of people who should reduce smoking and also reduce production of the tobacco and associated application.Thus, people will less smoking.The more people are non-smoking the less people are dead from smoking.More than eight millions of people are die by the smoking.This is a each year!!!If we don't reduce smoking the human generation would not alive in future years.So we should reduce smoking.
"
          I do agree.Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants.I have the facts why that is important. We should know smoking is dangerous at the everyplace and everytime.There is no benefit about smoking.Smoking gives only disadvantages like diseases about throat and lung, air-pollution,etc.
           Firstly, we are familiar about the diseases by smoking and we all know about that.There are many advertisings and announcements to avoid smoking.But humans are still smoking.That is why there are many deaths by smoking in many countries every year. Basically,breathing  the smoke directly or indirectly into our lung causes the diseases.So people do not actually smoke can also cause the diseases.Especially, at the public-area, everyone should avoid smoking.For example,at the restaurants, people should avoid because there may be various ages like children,olds and pregnant women.Most restaurants are fully closed the whole building and there is no window.So the air with the smoke are moving in the restaurant and it cannot escape from the restaurant. After sometime,it starts the population in the restaurant.One or twice is no problem but after many times, that dirty air can destroy our lung badly.This is only one fact about smoking and there are more disadvantages.
          To be concluded, since smoking has no benefit for humans,animals,surrounding and our whole society,we should avoid smoking.We all also need to ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country.
"
There are different kind of diseases in the world. According to Myanmar tradition, there are 96 kinds of diseases that attack people. Among them, lungs cancer and the diseases that deal with lungs. We can be mostly seen that diseases in smoking. Because of smoking, most of the people' lungs are damaged and they have to write their valuable names to the dead notes . And then, Every people has to eat for their livings. Smoking can be diseases for not only smoking person ( smoker ) but also people that is near from smoker. Some of the countries, there has smoking area for people to remove and avoid from getting benefits that get from smoking. So, Every people has to eat for their livings .So, eating is also important for human beings. That is why restaurants are come out for people' hunger. Even though old people are talking to young people, teenagers and children to avoid smoking, they are keeping their smoking cigarettes. Sometimes, people don't want to eat homemade rice and curries. So, They go to the restaurants to eat something new. Then , I think every restaurants should have smoking area for smokers. And also , smokers should obey citizens' rules and good manners. To be short, smoking is harmful to our health. If that disease happens, we have to spend a lot of money on medicines and other needed things to cure this diseases. So, Smoking is bad for human beings in my opinion and every people and it can harmful to our health.
           Smoking has become one of the most popular problem not only in our country but also in the world. Later on, boys and girls are started smoking everywhere. It affects their health.That can only have negative effects for them. So, I agree this statement.

          Smoking is a bad thing. Now everyone smokes without discipline. For example, people smoke in public areas such as parks, playgrounds, restaurants and hospitals. That is an act that really should not be done. The smoke produced by smoking destroys the environment. And not only cause air pollution, but also affects people. Smoking is bad for yourself and others. If you smoke in a restaurant which is a public area, there may be many disadvantages. A place called a restaurant can have children, young people and old people. Your actions may affect the public's health. And smoking can be very damaging to your health. Smoking causes cancer, heart disease, lung diseases and pulmonary diseases. If you smoke more cigarettes, you will suffer from these diseases. 

          So, smoking does not give any advantages. In my opinion, I would like to have some kind of rule that if you smoke in public areas, you will be fined 10,000. If you smoke, you will spend more money because of diseases. I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country."
"            Smoking is bad for everyone. Nowadays, most of the people are smoke even teenagers. And the cigarette production industries are more widely spread. Not only boys but also girls are smoke. 
              Firstly smoking can lead many diseases to us . People should ban smoking in public area. If you smoke in public, not only you but also people who are surrounding you can get diseases by inhaling cigarette's smoke.Smoking can destroy our lungs and can cause cancer. But people are still smoking because many convenience store and shop still sell cigarettes and the government is allow to sell it on puplic . Cigarettes are made of tobacco and nicotine 
 which are one kind of drugs.That is why people are addicted to smoking cigarettes. And no one is preventing about young  guys are smoking and they just let do it. If you smoke since in you young age , you will get shorter life time than other people's. Instead of smoking, you can save your money for your future plan.
                In many case, I deeply do not agree smoking.Smoking is very harmful for our health."
"         We live in society. We touch different kind of people everyday.We should notice our health and do medical check up twice a year. No one be illness.So we must be careful our health.There are many bad habits for health. In them,smoking is harmful for health. 
          The person who smokes cigarette causes harmful bad habits not only himself but also other people who breathe smoke.A person who smokes doesn't exist in public area .So, If we see smoking people,we will avoid those people. 
      Smoking cause bad habits that will destroy lungs.Smoking cause not only cost money but also bad habits.There are many types of smoking such as tobacco,cigarette,vape.All of them, we should avoid for our health.However ,
smoking causes bad habits, most of people smoke.We shouldn't allow to smoke under 18.In serious cases, people may die.So some public areas where school,super markets, in bus are limited smoking.Smoking shouldn't allow young children in the country because they are young to smoke.So smoking should be banned at public areas in the country. 
  
"
"I strongly agree to completely  ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country.Smoking is a bad habit that most people are usually addicted to.Prolonged smoking can lead to lung cancer.As we cannot prohibit people who love smoking,we should limit the smoking areas.Especially,smoking should be completely banned in public area.Restaurants are one of the top places that smoking should be completely prohibited.Because the smoke will be spread through the restaurant and people,including children and old people will accidently exhale these smoking air if someone smoke in a restaurant.That's a great harm to all the people in it.It is breaking human rights of people in the restaurant.As we are human beings,we should have respect on each other and behave well in public areas.Additionally,we should not interrupt someone because of our own pleasurable manners like smoking.
In sum,smoking in public areas,especially restaurants should be completely prohibited because it is sure that it will have a great harm on people,breaking human rights.Disciplined life lead a better standards of living in every country."
Stopping smoking in all restaurants is a good idea for a healthier country. It's like making every eating place filled with fresh air. When people smoke in restaurants, it doesn't just affect them. It bothers everyone around. Saying "no" to that is good for everyone. Think about the hardworking folks in restaurants. They shouldn't have to breathe in smoke while doing their jobs. With a country-wide rule, we're saying, "Let's make every workplace safe and healthy." It's like putting up a strong shield against the bad stuff from secondhand smoke, making restaurants better for the people who work there. Now, think about families having a meal together. Kids don't need to breathe in that yucky stuff. Pregnant women shouldn't have to worry about the air while eating. A rule for the whole country makes things clear for everyone. No more wondering if a place allows smoking it's like a breath of fresh air for everyone. This idea isn't just about us; it's part of a big movement worldwide. Many places are making sure their air is free from smoke. By having a country-wide rule, we join a team that cares about everyone's well-being, going along with the worldwide trend of having places without smoke. It helps everyone who works there, families having meals, and anyone who just wants to enjoy food without dealing with smoke. It's a big step to make our country cleaner, healthier, and happier.
Nowadays, there has been increased in smoking population in our surroundings.But, smoking can cause diseases including lung cancer, heart disease and tuberculosis.Non-smoking people can also affect these diseases by inhaling the tobacco smoke.So that smoking is restricted in public places in most countries.Smoking should be banned at indoor workplaces and public places such as healthcare, educational, and government facilities restaurants, retail stores, libraries, hospitals and on public transport.Smoking areas should be arranged for the people who smoke in this places.This way is justice for both smokers and non-smokers.People regard smoking in the restaurants as an impolite manner because the smell affects all the people in the restaurant.These smoke can generate some cancer-causing compounds in the food. The place like restaurant can have all kinds of people - infants,kids, adult and elders.Moreover, It is also dangerous for emergency because restaurants use gas and may harmful about fire.Creating the smoking area has already solved all this problem.For this reasons, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in each and every country.
    Smoking is a kind of enemy that can harm our health.Because of smoking, we suffer lungs cancer ,diabetes  etc.It can also harm not only the smoker but also the people who around the smoker ,which is also known as second smoker.
The second smoker can suffer the diseases like the real smoker.
    As smoking is dangerous for our health, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Restaurants are always crowded and it can also include children or old people.They are more likely to suffer the diseases of being the second smoker.And they can't have the immune to resist it like young people.So the smoker should avoid smoking in the restaurants.
     Another point is that when we throw the cigarette carelessly, it can burn. It is the clear reason that should avoid smoking in the restaurants.There may be also people who can't resist the smoke of the cigarette. We should respect them.
     To conclude , banning completely smoking at all the restaurants may be  breaking the human rights.So, it is better to regard the smoking zone at the resturants .By this way, we can get a win-win situation."
"Personally, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. For me, I cannot smell the smoke. I feel like I am really hard to breathe. Especially for my mother who has heart problem, she cannot go to the restaurants because of that. Smoking is very dangerous not only for the people who smoke but also for the people around them. We can get lung and heart disease. Smoking really can kill us. For the pregnant women, it is very dangerous for the baby too. Thus, we should ban smoking, which is bad for health at all restaurants. 
Yet, I know it can't be possible, especially in our country. People do not obey the rules. There is also no special punishment and no people to take control for that. I hope smoking should be banned not only at the restaurants but also at any places. Cigarettes can get easily in our country. That is why even high school students smoke. They think smoking makes them look cool. Changing at once is not possible but if we teach the disadvantages of smoking to children, I believe there will be no smoking in the near future. "
"Smoking effects not only on smokers but it is also harmful to the people who breathe fog.I strongly agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country.

Smoking in public area especially at restaurants is rude and inappropriate behavior to the older person and pregnant women and children.At restaurants,there are many people of different ages and everyone is having their meals.At the moment,smoking cigarettes from the table of somewhere is annoying.It can be dangerous if there is a person who has huge lungs problems.
It is not acceptable to smell those unpleasant cigarettes smoke instead of the smell of delicious food.
According to the compound of restaurants,fogs are matter because the narrower the compounds is,the larger amount of smoke the customer gets.Many people who used to smoke do not pay attention and keep smoking at restaurants as a habit because smoking wasn't banned from the previous days.In order to reduce tobacco fog,smoking at restaurants should be banned.
To sum up, smoking has side affects on people who do smoking and people who inhale those smoke.So,I strongly suggest to ban smoking especially at the restaurants where many people are surrounded."
Nowadays , smoking has increased year by year all around the world even the teenagers enjoy it . To be honest, I hate if someone is smoking near me as I become a passive smoker due to their smoke. Smoking brings  detrimental effects especially lungs cancer for both active and passive smokers. Due to human rights ,smoking is normal and common but smoking areas should be restricted to prevent non-smokers or passive smokers because they are victims. In our country , smoking is common in tea shop , some cafe and some restaurants and even public. The worst is in tea shops because waiters provide gas-lighter to every guest and moreover, they serve with cigarettes. I have no clue how it has become but this is the worst ever as it can be dangerous not only for surrounding people who are enjoying their talks but also the surrounding atmosphere and the food we are eating. So we feel inconvenience and difficult to breathe. Therefore my final solution is to allow them a private area for smoking like a closed room in public and smoking should be banned strongly especially in restaurants.
