In my opinion, I completely approve that smoking should be prohibited at all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, smoking brings lots of complications and health damage to other people who do not smoke ( as know as inactive smoking), especially for the pregnant woman and the children. People should do not smoke in public area especially the restaurants with many subjects with variety of ages because they will get annoyed with the smoke. As the smoke can lead to severity symptoms to the one with asthma who they could get dyspnoea and bronchoconstrictions Smoking can affect the pregnant woman well-being, such as: fetal gene disorders and other abnormalities. Smoking is also not allowed if there are children inside as they could get severed respiratory distress. Furthermore, smoking can lead to burning due to the fire from the cigarettes which can damage the building and even even cause the mortality. This should be widely banned in all the restaurants as it also helps to improve quality of life for the smokers as they could stop smoking for a while and prevent the effect on the other well-being. In conclusion, smoking in the restaurants or public area should be banned to protect the well-being from harmful smoke.
Recently, the more of citizen needs the more of restaurants have been established. During of this evolution, there are more rules have been appeared in the restaurants. In my opinion, I totally agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned in at all the restaurants in the country for two main reasons.
To begin with, the mental health could be worse when smoking is more happen in not only the restaurants but also the country. Smoke can lead to many health problems. For example, the hospital have more patients in COPD. According to BNC news, the numbers of patients who have lungs problem have increases from 68 percent to 80 percent.
The second reason is that could be affect the people experience in the restaurants. During the evolution of modern life, there are more people who want to have a new experience also the service in the restaurant. So that, to create the most perfect service, the restaurants have to completely ban the smoke. For example, the five-star Michelin restaurant have shown the rule that people cannot smoke in the restaurant for 10 years.
In conclusion, smoking should be totally banned in at all the restaurants is the right decision to made to decrease the health problem and also to bring the best experience.
In this modern word, perspectives of smoking at the pubic places are become popular and understandable. The idea of Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in my country is still stricky. I am going to discuss these views according to position and my personal. First of all, smoking is accepted for a long time in Viet Nam. You can smoke when you become a 18-year-old person, depend on the background you are in. However, when you are in the restaurant, the place that people come here to enjoy their time. When you smoke, you can annoy the guest by the smell. Someone cannot stand the smell, they allergy and become worse health condition. Secondly, when pregnant women or children are in the restaurant, you should not smoke because it affects their health, food and their feeling while they enjoy the atmosphere. Finally, restaurants in Viet Nam are the place many foreigners visit and think about our country that why you should not smoke and demonstrate bad behaviour in front of them. The foreigner will assess us and then, they come back to their country and tell something shameless about Vietnamese people. In conclusion, I cannot complete agree or disagree about smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It depends on your country and the way other people are judging you.
"In my opinion, I agree with this statement. I am a student who study in medical university, so I know that if someone smokes, not only he/she have a disease but also anyone who near he/she. 
The result of the smoke is really big, especially for pregnancy woman. The smoke has a bad effect on the fetus. It can make the fetus look strange and weird. For adults, you can have lungs problems such as asthma, lung cancer, etc. In the worst situation, you can die. That is why many doctor give an advice that we should prevent smoking. That would be so bad if you try not to smoke and keep yourself healthy as much as you can, but then, you go to the restaurant to enjoy your meal and you have to smell the smoke from another one. So that I think smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. Although it can make smokers annoying but they can smoke outside the restaurants. This action will have a big benefit for social health and the percent of lung diseases will also decrease after this action.
In summarize, I think smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country to keep everyone healthy and preventing lungs problems.
"
"In my opinions, I agree with “Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.” There are some reasons:
Firstly, in the restaurants have a lot of customer. It’s about: children, woman, old people even people have bad health and so on. It’s really harmful for inhaling cigarette smoke especial smoking. Smoking for a long time, they can have pulmonary disease such as: COPD, cough and so on. That’s terrible!
Secondly, smoking can be addicted so the man who is main worker. They will pay all the money to buy cigarette in restaurant so that they don’t have enough money for their families. The children don’t have meals that they want to eat, the wife don’t have money to take care of families. The husband becomes a rude person. There are a lot of arguments in their life. The children grow in unhappy families, they will be shy, unconfident. It’s really a hard problem in social.
Thirdly, smoking in the restaurants is also dangerous for children who do lots of activities because they run, play together, they don’t carefully. Maybe, they touch cigarette lighter, throw it or did something that make cigarettes lighter explore. 
However, smoking can help people to relax when they have stressed. It’s also a special needed of people. If we ban smoking in all the restaurants in the country, the customers will be decrease. It is affected to sales in the restaurant.
Finally, I still agree with should not smoking in all the restaurants in the country."
"Some people suppose that it is significant for banning smoking at all the restaurants in the country. Personally, I totally agree with that opinion because of the following reasons.
First of all, I believe that smoking at the restaurants is not good for their own health as well as the others around there. For example, we can easily recognise that smoking is one of the primary reasons leading to lung cancer and many serious diseases via news as well as social media. Therefore, banning smoking at all the restaurants or even at other public places in the country is vital to ensure that people can get a more comfortable environment and healthier life.
Moreover, it is important to prevent people from smoking at all the restaurants in the country because the smell of it could make some people annoyed as well as uncomfortable. To illustrate, imagine we are enjoying the delicious dishes in a modern restaurant with our family. Suddenly, we recognise a terrible smell of smoking and it makes the air uncomfortable and difficult to breathe. What do you think at that time? 
To sum up, I strongly believe that banning smoking at all the restaurants in the country is necessary and should be encouraged because of the above-mentioned reasons.
"
These days, many people have said that smoking should be totally prohibited at all the restaurants in every countries. In my opinion, I strongly agree with this idea for many reasons. Firstly, smoking in restaurants can bring discomfort to other people. The service industry have the responsibility to bring the best experience to their costumers. Because of that, restaurants have to eliminate any thing that distracts their costumers from enjoy the meals. Imagine that you are excited go to the restaurants for a delicious meal and then the cigarette smoke appears, you must be really uncomfortable in this moment. Furthermore, cigarettes are also harmful for people’s health. Minimizing risk factors for health disease is what restaurants should do to protect their guests. In the culture of every nations, smoking in the public place is considered as impolite. As a result, cigarettes should be forbidden in every public restaurants. Lastly, smoking in restaurants affects the quality of the brunch. People tend to eat less appetizing when exposing to cigarette smoke. Therefore, the quality and reputation of these service house can be affected seriously. In the worst case, customers will leave the restaurant and do not return again. In conclusion, I totally agree that cigarette smoke must be completely eliminated from eating places in every nations around the world.
"I believe that smoking should be outlawed entirely in all restaurants across the nation. And these are the explanations for it.
First of all, smoking is one of the main causes of cancer. Alternatively, it is bad for human health because it damages our lungs and other organs in smokers and inhalers, especially women. Additionally, because of the chemicals in it, smoking it might become addictive.

Second, restaurants are places where people go to dine and socialize with friends and family. At times, we can say that the place is packed with people, including youngsters, and when someone smokes, the smoke wafts around for others to smell. Furthermore, as I've already mentioned, smoking smoke contains dangerous chemicals that can lead to diseases like cancer when inhaled or smoked.
Last but not least, Partial or whole bans have been enacted in numerous nations and places, with differing degrees of public support and success. A national policy would need input from a variety of stakeholders and thorough analysis of the trade-offs. Both letting individual eateries establish their own rules and using a centralized system have advantages. 
To sum up, There are merits to both allowing individual restaurants to set their own policies versus a centralized approach. Reasonable people can disagree on where to strike the right balance. But to me, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because of its harm
"
"As an medical student, we figured out many problems to health when smoking or inhaling in the poisonous atmosphere with smoking around. So that I strongly agree with the opinion that the local restaurants should publish some rules preventing the customer from smoking.
Smoking is always the big issue in the lengthy period time. The chemicals in smoking damage your respiratory system especially the lungs and alveoli. The nicotine in smoke can obstruct your airway could lead to lungs cancer, hard–breathing and moreover. It’s dangerous not for only the smoker but could attack your family, friends, and people around them. COPD – chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases is often appears on the people smoking very much. It take your energy down, and could make you need some hard treatments to cure. Unfortunately, the children and the elder have the weak body to manage if they faced with the problems. The restaurant’s environments are the place for families to choose for entertaining, gathering so smoke is one of the dangerous threats to them. But when they exhale and inhale in this polluted environment could endangered them. So that the restaurant should get some solution to handle this problem. They can use signs “No smoking” around the restaurant to enhance their thinking how smoking could be harmful for everyone. Moreover, the smoking place could be necessary for customer who want to take some. But smoking should be banned in the restaurants to protect people more efficiently. 
Smoking shouldn’t prevent us to take the qualified time with families and friends. Especially in the restaurant – a good choice to relax and gathering. The restaurant’s manager and their waiter might inform the customer about the smoking rules of restaurants before the clients enjoy the meal without making any annoying to other people because of their smoke."
"Some people say that smoking should be entirely prohibited in all the restaurants across the nation. I agree with this opinion because the impact of smoking can be lead to some of health problem. For example, if a children stay in a place with crowded smoking-air, a long time after the respiratory disease will appear and threat to kid’s health. And if you don’t smoking, you also get many kind of sick relate to respiratory disease if you sniff the same atmosphere with person who smoker. Not only the person who sniff, but the person who smoker also get the problem with their health. And my story is an example, I live with my father-a smoker. After a long time, ling with him I have a respiratory infection, even though I wasn’t smoking. In my viewpoint, I think people should take the consequences for any things they do, don’t affect others. And you also feel uncomfortable when you hate the cigarette smoke, but you have to sniff it when you come to a restaurant to enjoy your meal. So banned smoking at all the restaurants in the country is the most effective way to protect our health and contributes to reducing respiratory diseases.
"
"In my opinion, I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
At the restaurants, there are so many kind of customers and none of them want to smell the smokes, imagine that you come to the restaurants after a day of working hard or for a first date with someone you met online to enjoy the meals, then suddenly an old men next to your table start to smoking and all the smoke came to your face and haunted you like a ghost, that would destroy your day. People come to the restaurant to eat, not to smell the smoke around them. Smokes would affect the meals and people can’t eat, its also caused many problems so they should banned smoking or give them a smoking rooms.
Smoking is a bad habits and its caused lots of illness and problems, not only for the smoker but also for people around them. To be honestly, I do smoking for 4 or 5 years, I’m trying to cut off that habits but somehow I just can’t. I only smoke in the place that allowed and has no kids around, and specially I’ve never smoking at the restaurant because I don’t want to ruin anyone meals like I don’t want anyone to ruin mine."
"Some people argue that there should be a ban on smoking at all restaurants in the country. From my point of view, I totally agree with this idea with this discussion as now will be discussed.
The first reason is that there will be a lot of health benefits for the public. To clarify, banning smoking in restaurants protects non-smokers from secondhand smoke, which is known to cause various health issues, including respiratory problems, heart disease, and cancer.
This helps to reduce the risk of having these issues. Additionally, many people avoid restaurants that allow smoking due to the unpleasant smell and health concerns. Therefore, a smoking ban can attract a larger customer base, including families with children and health-conscious individuals.

Another point is that it can increase public safety. The main reason for this is that eliminating smoking ensures that the indoor air quality in restaurants remains clean and healthy for both patrons and staff. Moreover, smoking poses a fire risk, especially in enclosed spaces filled with flammable materials. Banning smoking can reduce the likelihood of fire incidents in restaurants.

In conclusion, banning smoking can be beneficial to the country.  As such, I strongly agree with the idea that there should be a ban on smoking at all restaurants in the country.
"Smoking is harmful for your health and smoking in public I don’t think that is good. I agree about banned smoking in the restaurant because I don’t see any good benefit about smoking.
Almost woman and children can’t smell or enjoy when the cigarette burnt. It so uncomfortable when we have a meal in the restaurant with a person smoking. We just want a delicious food, tasty drink without cooks at home. Smoking just brings for one person who smoke fun and bring for somebody else nothing. But sometimes people smoke when they feel stress, we can’t prohibit them to relax or enjoy it. However, now in somewhere we can see area for people smoking in public. We can use it for the restaurant when somebody want to smoke but don’t make annoy for everyone else. It hardly to banned completely smoking so the government had some rule for reduce smoking people. For example, rising tax of cigarette, … If we banned completely smoking, people who smoke can feel so angry or uncomfortable. So, I think we shouldn’t ban completely smoking because it hard and for many reasons else. 
So difficult to banned completely smoking special in the restaurant because they just want to enjoy their life and don’t think too much about annoying. I disagree about smoking should be banned completely at all the restaurant in the country.   "
"I strongly agree. Smoking was a big problem in our world, it stills harm people till now and destroys Ozon of the Earth bring an uncomfortable feeling for the others
Smoking is killing ourselves it doesn’t bring any good effect for us meanwhile it is burning our lung down so bad, and contains addiction for who smoking for a long period, and research for smoking is up to 80% people got cancer by smoking because in the cigarettes contains nicotine harming our lung cause cancer. Smoking of cigarettes can make the others people feel so annoy and uncomfortable, moreover it could made cancer when people sniff it, and it is very bad for children when they interact with the smoke, they feel sick or struggle when they sniffed. And it unbelievably bad for the environment, they just continue to throw the leftover of the cigarettes everywhere on the street, park wherever they go, and the packet of cigarettes was not cheap, but people still spend on it while they know it doesn’t bring any good for themselves. In the restaurant, the food was cooked but the smoke of the cigarettes ruins the disk it brings bad experiences when you taste the food. Make the space more toxic and annoying.
So smoking should be completely banned everywhere not only the restaurants, the environment will become more fresh and nobody get cancer.
"
"In my perspective, smoking should be completely prohibited at all the restaurants in the country. This essay will point out the drawbacks of smoking at the restaurant.
Restaurant is not a suitable place to smoke because it is a public area which means many people may suffer its consequences, especially pregnant woman and children who are vulnerable. Some people may suffer the odor of smoking but there are people who cannot suffer that. The person who smokes is received bad results but the one who inhale that smoke is received more dangerous health problems. Smoking can cause several health problems such as lung cancer, mouth and teeth problems. As a result, it can affect the overall health problems. As a result, it can reduce quality of life. If it is hard to completely prohibited smoking, I think building a room for smoking only is significant, especially in public area. People smoke because it may seem to be a way to stress relief, but it is not the only way. There are numerous ways to recharge such as playing sports, painting, listening which are not only help them stress relief but also gain mental and physical health. 
In conclusion, smoking should be completely prohibited at all the restaurants in the country because of its drawbacks such as causing health problems and affecting everyone around."
"Even though we all know about the terrible effects of smoking, some people still use that method as their daily stress reliever. It cannot be denied that nowadays most men, some have family smoke every day, it is hard to give up on it. 
It is said that smoking should be totally prohibited at all restaurants in the country. I find it right because in restaurants we only eat and talk to each other and that is also a precious moment for everyone gathering to enjoy their meal. So, what if you smell the smoke while having delicious food? It will be annoying. Banning tobacco in restaurants is a good thing to do to limit the discomfort, the smell that affects the feeling of food and most of all, the toxicity it brings to people around. The ban on smoking will cause inconvenience and discomfort to those who are using drugs, but for a clean and healthy society as well as improving air quality, we should have another solution for them. A ban is still a ban for me.
In brief, a complete restriction on scorching in a city can bring many benefits to public health and the living environment. However, to effectively implement this policy, consensus, and cooperation from the public along with appropriate support and propaganda measures are needed.
"
"Smoking has always been a controversial issue for many years, especially in fancy places such as restaurants. People think that smoking cannot be acceptable and should be banned in restaurants all over the country. In my point of view, I completely agree with this idea for several reasons.  
  
To begin with, smoking in general or cigarettes in particular are not suitable with the restaurants. Imagine that people surrounded by flowers, slow music, all together in a gentle and romantic atmosphere, then there was an unpleasant smell going on with white smoke. As a result, everything was broken by the smoking. People started to cough and all the food smelled badly. No romance and pleasant, all left was uncomfortable and mad, no one could stand this situation happily. Therefore, smoking is always banned in every luxury restaurants I have come to. Myself are also a person not into cigarettes and its smell, as a guest in a restaurant, I cannot accept there is any bad smell of smoking in that place.  
  
In addition, smoking also harms both people who use it and people who smell it. Many researches have shown that long term smoking could lead to lung cancer and other respiratory diseases. People who inhale toxic smoke from cigarettes will also be affected and diseases will gradually appear. Even though there are areas only for smoking, it still somewhat affects the atmosphere and guests' health. 
 
To summary, while smoking is still common throughout the country, I maintain my view that it should not be allowed in restaurants all over the country because of its negative effects on both restaurants and people using the service.  "
"I agree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, but not even at restaurant, smoking should be banned on bus and especially among pregnancy and children. 

Most of us know that smoking is not good for our health and people among us. Therefore, smoking in a restaurant can make a bad effect to other guests and their experiences in meal, the scene and flavor of the food could be change as well. Moreover, some people go to the restaurant with their families, their partners, their kids so smoking be banned is a good way to prevent bad effects to people's health. People who smoking can be more responsible about their acts in restaurant, among people which is includes child and maybe pregnancy women. Plus, the rules can make people decrease their smoking, at least in the restaurants and that somewhat can help to ease the risk of smoking to their and others' health.

Nowadays, some countries have not completely banned smoking in all the restaurants, for example is my country – Vietnam. It has created a lot sickness for our people and has decreased the age of people in that country. I hope smoking should be banned in all countries, not just in the restaurants but in all places and should prevent smoking for the best."
"In my opinion, I totally agree with this statement that the governments of every country should introduce the law to ban smoking at all the restaurants in their countries. 

This is because, restaurants are the public places so it will have a lot of people, including children and people have aged. So, smoking at restaurant can lead to not only bad consequences to children health but also the experiences of every people. For example, just one person smokes in restaurant but the people near them can breathe together with that person. As a result, people and children might be affected to health of lung. 

Secondly, the taste of people who come to restaurant to eat and be affected by the smell of cigarettes because of this reason, banning people who use cigarettes at restaurant is very important for government of each country to protect the public security. And smoking at restaurants might cause the people to come to this restaurant might have a bad experience when trying food at this place. 

So that I think smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country to ensure the experience of visitors, health of everyone and the time of each person when they visit these restaurants with their family."
"I totally agree with the statement "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants int the country." 

In my opinion, smoking is an activity that harm our health seriously. And in a public place like restaurant, that activity can not accept because the smoke from smoking can harm for everybody in the restaurant. The smoke makes people unpleasant and do not want to continue eating. Restaurants are not the open space so the smoke may be in here. 
When many people smoke, smoke can increase through the time and make all things in the restaurant have terrible smell. After a period of time, customers will not come to this restaurant once more time. That can decrease the income of the restaurant and can close forever. If many restaurants close, the economy of the country can be affected. 

In addition, smoking in the public place, especially the restaurants, can make foreigners who travel to the country have bad impression about the how the local people act in the public place and they do not want to back this country again. This activity can affect the tourism of the country
 
In short, smoking is not a good activity for the health of community and the economy of the country."
"When it comes to this topic, my answer always is that I totally agree with this statement.

Cigarette, as I acknowledge, is really bad for our health, it can cause some severe diseases related to our lungs, brain or teeth, so on. Moreover, when a person uses cigarette in places where there are many people, its smoke can have a bad impact on the other people's health. 

And as I know, the negative impacts it causes to the people who use it and the ones who is unluckily influenced are nearly the same. It is not just that, when the smokers have their own family in the future, the diseases from the father or the mother that are created by smoking can influence the health of their son or their daughter then. Not just all the restaurants, I think smoking should be banned all over the world, for better human's health. 

What is more, the left of a used cigarette can be not beneficial for the environment. When people eat in the restaurants, seeing the used cigarettes on the floor or their smoke can make the feeling of their enjoying the meal become worse. Then, smoke or the left of the cigarette can go into the food and make them toxic and not healthy anymore.

In conclusion, I agree that we should ban smokers at all the restaurants."
"For this following statement, I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking in restaurants harms people's health very much, it may create an unpleasant environment for all people.

First, smoking is extremely harmful to all both smokers and non-smokers. Why? Because they can breath this smoke in their body. Smoke contains dangerous chemicals that cause serious health problem such as: cancer, heart disease, and so on. When people smoke in restaurants, others around them are forced to breath in harmful air like I write on. Specially, children and pregnant women are vulnerable to effects of smoking. I think restaurant should be a place where people can eat their meal delicious.

Secondly, the smell of smoke is very uncomfortable. The smell can ruin the taste of food and create a bad experience for customers. A lot of people hate the smell of cigarettes like me and if the restaurants have smoking, it does not have me and most of people at here. So restaurants should ban smoking it can make more enjoyable for everyone.

Finally, everyone has the right to breathe clean air so banning smoking in restaurants protects the rights of non-smokers. I am sure that non-smokers dislike negatively affect from smokers, it effects their choice of restaurants. So restaurants should prioritize the health and comfort of all customers. If people want to smoke, they can find the private spaces where it is not banned.

To sum up, in all restaurants, smoking should be completely banned. It can protect people's health and also improve the dining experience to help them have a good time. It's also the respect attitude for the rights of non-smokers. "
"Nowadays, there are many services appear to meet people's demand. And one of famous services that everyone prefers to choose is restaurants. But in some restaurants, many people still smoke, and it affects a lot of people around them. So in my point of view, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because of these following reasons:

Firstly, all of you know that cigarette is very harmful to people's health. It has a lot of poison and leads to many things about health and affects our body like lung, stomach, therefore when we smoke in public especially in the restaurants, many people will be effects like children and the elderly. 

Moreover, it will make people around you uncomfortable because it smells very disgusting and it make them cannot eat their dishes. You can imagine that if there are a lot of people smoke in your restaurants, I think in the future no one want to go to this restaurants again. Cigarette not only affects your health but also affects your feeling about the food. Therefore I think we have to ban smoking at all the restaurant to improve our health and feeling.

In conclusion, this is an efficient solution to improve our health, it also prevents us from many diseases. Therefore, smoking should be completely banned not only at restaurants but also at public places in our country."
"In my point of view, I strongly agree that "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.", especially family restaurants, for some reasons below.

Firstly, the main ingredient of cigarette is nicotine, a very poisonous chemical, so smoking not only causes the problems to other people but also the smokers. It can cause some lung diseases such as cancer. 

Secondly, restaurant is the place that many types of people come a day, including children and older people. What will happen if they have to breath in the atmosphere filled by smoke? I don't want to think about that, but if they have any pulmonic, it will be very bad for their family. 

Finally, in the fact that if a restaurant gets fire, it is because someone smokes and throws the cigarette to the floor. You see? Too dangerous. And I don't think that there is any owner ready to face with that situation and have enough money to solve it. So, banning smoking is a good idea, isn't it?

In conclusion, I just want to say that smoking should be banned at all public places in the country not just at the restaurants cause its disadvantages. When the banned rule is approved, it will be good news for people around the country for sure."
"Smoking is very common in our earth or country, from home, street to restaurant and many other public places. Smoking causes serious effects on health, so it should be banned everywhere. Therefore, I totally agree with the point that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.

First, the reason why I agree is that it is worrying for a passive smoker. It is not only uncomfortable due to the smell but also dangerous because of  the disease it will bring. Some diseases include lung cancer, asthma, and many others serious health problems. Not only passive smokers but only active smokers themselves will suffer from these diseases. For example, when I came to a restaurant in district 1, a man was smoking a cigarette during my meal, which made me angry and I could not breathe easily. This shows that smoking in restaurants negatively affects non smokers, making dining experiences unpleasant and unhealthy.

The second reason why I think smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country is it impacts cleanliness and safety. Smoking will linger on furniture and curtains, make customers feel uncomfortable or worried about quality and service, so it affects customer experience and the restaurant. For example, I once visited a small restaurant where the cigarette smell was so strong that I lost my appetite. Some customers even left without ordering. This harms the restaurant's business.So allowing smoking can drive customers away, leading to financial loss for the restaurant.

To conclude, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. For more, smokers should be aware about the negative effect they bring to themselves and other people.
"
"Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in my country because it affects people's health, creates an unpleasant environment, and can harm a business.

First, smoking in restaurants affects the smokers and the non-smokers, especially the children and the mothers who are getting pregnant. Smoking seriously causes many diseases to the smokers and the people around them, such as lung cancer, heart disease, throat and mouth cancer, etc. So, quitting smoking can significantly improve health and reduce the risk of disease. Especially, when you are in a restaurant and get ready to taste the meal, the smell of cigarettes can ruin the taste of food and make the atmosphere uncomfortable. Many people prefer clean and fresh air while eating. 

Secondly, smoking can drive customers away. For example, many people choose non-smoking restaurants over those allowed smoking because they always set their health for the best. In addition, banning smoking in restaurants can lead to a healthier life, and help the customers enjoy their whole meal. Besides, it reduces cigarette consumption and helps smokers avoid diseases. 
 
Overall, smoking should not be allowed at all the restaurants in my country. A smoke-free environment protects people's health, makes dining more enjoyable, and benefits business owners. Therefore, banning smoking in restaurants is a good decision. "
"Nowadays, all people know smoking is really bad with health. Especially, smoking affects another people around there. I think smoking should be complete banned at all the restaurants in the country.

Firstly, smoking and cigarette smoke have bad affecting with health. They destroy everything in body and make human health worse. Not only it bad with someone smoking but also cigarette smoke affects other people who live around near there. For example, everyone goes to restaurant to eat delicious meal but they smell cigarette smoke make they feel uncomfortable. So, restaurant should ban smoking in part of the restaurant.

Secondly, someone has many problems with their nose. Cigarette smoke maybe affect them worst such as they couldn't breathe easily and bad thing, they have to go to hospital. Not only smoking affect healthy human but also it affects quality of the restaurant. People may be not wanting to go there and restaurant has a big problem. For example, dishes have cigarette smoke smell, restaurant lost consumer, and so on. 

Finally smoking is harmful but it is still popular in many countries. Government has carried out many rules to reduce harmful smoking and affecting cigarette smoke. But restaurant still can ban smoking or have an area which can smoking.

In conclusion, smoking should be complete banned at all the restaurants in the country that is good thing. Not only reducing harmful smoke and cigarette smoke but also restaurant increase quality."
"In today's world, the numbers of smokers are increasing rapidly. People smoke everywhere, in the park, in the museum, in school and even in the restaurant. In my point of view, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Here are several reasons why this policy should be applied to all the restaurants in the country.

The most crucial reason is to protect public health. Doctors said that the person who smells the smoke has more risks to have lungs cancer than the smokers. Because secondhand smoke are harmful and can causes serious health issues. A smoking ban in restaurant ensures a cleaner, healthier environment for the customer and the staff.

The second reason is it improves air quality and comfort. Non-smoking customer usually find it uncomfortable to eat in a smoke-filled environment. So a smoke-free policy ensures fresh air, making dinner experiences more enjoyable. Also cigarettes are a common cause of accidental fires so prohibiting smoking in restaurants will minimizes the risk of fire-related accidents.

The last reason is encourages a healthier lifestyle. Banning smoking in restaurant or public places will definitely discourage people from smoking and promote a better lifestyle especially among young people.

In conclusion, completely banning smoking in restaurants would protect public health, air quality, and a better lifestyle, giving both customers and employees a healthier environment. "
"I think smoking should not be allowed in restaurants because of these reasons:

First, smoking is bad for your health. If people smoke in restaurants, other people also breathe the smoke. This is not fair for people who don't smoke because it can make them sick.

Also, smoking makes the restaurant not nice. The smell of cigarettes is not only very strong and it can make food taste but also contains many toxic components that cause many respiratory diseases, eventually cancer. If there is no smoking, the place is more clean and fresh, so people will enjoy food better. A smoke-free restaurant ensures a comfortable atmosphere where everyone can fully appreciate their meals.

Many countries already ban smoking in restaurants. This is good because it helps people to stay healthy. If our country also does this, it will be better for everyone. People who want to smoke can go outside, so they don't make other people uncomfortable.

So, I think smoking should be banned in all restaurants. It will help protect health, make restaurants better, and is good for all people. Making people stay a healthy lifestyle and our community will be cleaner and fresher. This policy would benefit both individuals and society as a whole."
"Nowadays, some restaurants have people who smoke in public, smoking is a profound problem in our lives because it affects people's health and causes air pollution in life. So, someone said that it should be completely banned  at all restaurants in the country. I agree with this opinion.

Firstly, smoking is dangerous for both smokers and non-smokers. It negatively impacts their health like difficulty breathing or serious diseases like cancer, especially, elderly people, pregnant women and children. So when someone smokes in the restaurant, they put other's health at risk. 

Secondly, the smell of cigarettes causes the bad air environment in the restaurant, it makes food less enjoyable and people can not eat in that atmosphere. Moreover, smokers can throw their cigarettes in the restaurant which makes the restaurant dirty. It causes a pollution environment so the customers will never return to that restaurant. 

In conclusion, smoking causes many negative effects on our lives from harming people's health and an unpleasant atmosphere. In the future, people should ban smokers at all restaurants in the country to protect people's health and comfort environment. A smoke free place not only improves customers satisfaction but also enhances the overall quality of the restaurant. 
"
"While I understand the health concerns surrounding smoking, completely banning it in all restaurants may not be the most effective approach. A total ban could negatively impact certain establishments that cater to an adult clientele who prefer a smoking environment, such as bars and lounges. These businesses thrive on the atmosphere they create, often relying on the option for patrons to smoke. Enforcing a blanket prohibition could reduce their customer base and profitability, leading to closures or diminished employment opportunities.

Moreover, a total ban may drive smokers to less regulated areas, such as sidewalks or parking lots, where they could still expose non-smokers to secondhand smoke. This scenario could inadvertently create new public health concerns. Instead of an outright ban, a more balanced approach might involve designating specific smoking areas within restaurants. This compromise would allow establishments to cater to both smokers and non-smokers, promoting personal choice while still addressing health concerns. 

Education and awareness campaigns about the dangers of smoking could be more effective in reducing smoking rates than outright bans. Informing individuals about health risks and cessation resources can empower smokers to make healthier choices. Evidence shows that informed individuals are more likely to reduce smoking rates, leading to a cultural shift toward healthier lifestyles.

Finally, we should consider the economic implications of a smoking ban on local businesses. In areas where tourism is significant, the local economy could be affected by such regulations. Tourists often seek places that reflect their preferences, and a complete ban might deter visitors who enjoy a more relaxed atmosphere. 

Ultimately, a nuanced policy that respects individual freedoms while prioritizing public health may be a better solution than a complete ban. Engaging stakeholders in discussions about smoking regulations can lead to effective policies that balance health concerns with the needs of businesses and individuals."
"I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country.
First and foremost, secondhand smoke is harmful to others, especially children, the elderly, and people with respiratory issues. Allowing smoking in restaurants exposes non-smokers to dangerous chemicals, even if they choose not to smoke themselves. A ban would protect everyone's right to breathe clean air.
Secondly, smoking in restaurants creates an unpleasant atmosphere. The smell of smoke can ruin the taste of food and make the dining experience uncomfortable for many customers. A smoke-free environment is more welcoming and enjoyable for everyone.
In fact, smoking has become an essential habit for many people in modern life. For some, it helps reduce stress or is simply a part of their daily routine. Therefore, service industries like restaurants should take into account the comfort of their customers as well as their own profit margins. If restaurants can offer a separate smoking area, they can attract both smokers and non-smokers, increasing customer satisfaction and maintaining steady revenue. In my opinion, each restaurant should set up a “smoking area” so that people who want to smoke can pay a fee and smoke there.
Finally, banning smoking in public places such as restaurants may help reduce smoking rates overall. When people are not allowed to smoke freely in public, they may be encouraged to quit or at least reduce the habit, which benefits both individuals and society.
In conclusion, instead of a complete ban on smoking in restaurants, a more balanced approach should be considered. By setting up designated smoking areas, we can protect public health while still respecting the habits of certain customers and supporting the business interests of restaurant owners. This solution offers a win-win outcome for both society and the service industry."
"I really agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurants! It is uncomfortable and unhealthy, not only for smokers, but for everyone around them.

When I go to a restaurant, I want to enjoy food and relax with friends. But if someone smokes nearby, the air smells bad, and the food doesn’t taste good anymore. Once, I had to leave early because someone was smoking next to my table. That was a terrible experience! Also, smoking is very bad for health. Secondhand smoke can make people sick, even if they don’t smoke. Children, old people, and people with asthma may feel worse because of it. Everyone has the right to breathe clean air when eating out. Some people may say it’s not fair to smokers. But they can go outside and smoke. That way, they can enjoy their cigarette and others can enjoy their meal. It’s a small action but it helps many people.

In my opinion, restaurants should be smoke-free. No one wants their dinner ruined by smoke. If smoking is banned, people will be healthier and happier."
Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I partly agree with this idea. While smoking should definitely be limited in public places, I think a complete ban in all restaurants may not be necessary if proper regulations are in place. Smoking is harmful not only to smokers but also to people around them. Secondhand smoke can cause serious health problems, especially for children, pregnant women, and people with respiratory conditions. In this sense, banning smoking in indoor areas of restaurants is reasonable and helps protect public health. However, some people are regular smokers and may feel uncomfortable if there is no space for them to smoke. Instead of banning smoking completely, restaurants could provide separate smoking areas, such as outdoor spaces or designated smoking rooms with good ventilation. This way, both smokers and non-smokers can enjoy their meals without disturbing each other. In conclusion, smoking in restaurants should be strictly controlled, especially indoors. But a complete ban in all areas might not be fair to everyone. The better solution is to create clear, separate zones that respect both health and personal freedom.
I do not agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. One reason is that it can reduce the restaurant’s revenue. Many customers who smoke may not want to return if they can not smoke at all. This can make the restaurant lose money, especially small restaurants or coffee shops where people often enjoy smoking while talking. If many customers stop coming, the restaurant might have to cut staff or even closing. This will affect not only the businesses but also workers. Another reason is that there can be a better solution. Restaurants should make two separate areas — one for smokers and one for non-smokers. In this way, both groups of customers can feel comfortable. Smokers can still enjoy their time, and non-smokers will not be bothered by smoke. This idea is more fair and can help avoid problems. In conclusion, banning smoking completely is not the best way. It can cause restaurants to lose money and make smokers feel angry. A better way is to divide smoking and non-smoking zones so that everyone can enjoy their meal.
"Many people know smoking is bad for health, not only for the person who smoke but also for people near them. Because of that, some people think smoking should not happen in public places. I agree with this because I think it will help many people.
Some people think smoking ban is not good. They say that people can choose if they want go to place with smoke or not. If they don’t like smoke, they don’t need to go there. Also, they say if smoking not allowed, many coffee shops will have less people and maybe close.
But I think ban is better. Smoking is really bad for health. People can get cancer, not only smokers but people who just stand near too. It’s not nice if I don’t smoke but still have to smell it. Shops can still work if they have special area for smokers outside.
To conclude, I think smoking in public is not good and should not be allowed. It will help people don’t get sick, and that is better for everyone."
"I agree that smoking should be banned in every restaurant in the country. The first and clearest reason is health. When one guest lights a cigarette, everyone else has to breathe the same smoke. My little sister once started coughing in a café because a man at the next table was smoking. Doctors call this “second-hand smoke”, and they say it can cause lung and heart problems almost as bad as smoking the cigarette yourself. That danger is simply unfair.The second reason is taste. A restaurant should smell like hot soup, fresh bread or grilled meat, not burned leaves. When smoke drifts across the room, even cold drinks pick up the smell, and the meal feels ruined. Even many smokers admit that tobacco hides the real flavour of food. If all places were smoke-free, people could really enjoy what they paid for.Money is the third point. Families with small children, people with asthma and many tourists choose clean air. Right now they often stay home or look for the few cafés with a no-smoking sign. If every restaurant were safe, these customers would eat out more, so owners would earn extra income.Some people say a ban limits personal freedom. But freedom stops where it hurts someone else. Smokers can still step outside, finish their cigarette, and come back in.Healthy air, better taste and more customers—these are three plain benefits that everyone can see. For these reasons I believe a complete smoking ban in restaurants is the right move for our country.







"
In my point of view, I strongly agree with the statement: smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The reasons for this are varied, but can be explained in some main points. Firstly, in perspective of public, restaurant is a public place, not only man and women come, it also baby, pregnant women come. And as everyone know, smoking bring many harm for other people, but extremely harm for that group. If someone wants to smoke, they need to smoke in separate places. Secondly, as a owner of restaurant, i am not welcome client who smoke because their behavior have negative impact for other client and affect atmosphere, decoration of my restaurant. For this two main reasons, if the government can ban completely smoking in the restaurant, i will very appreciate this. It will be a foundation to expand the ban in broader, for example: in road, supermarket, public toilet,… give more clean and fresh atmosphere for every people. However, cigarettes is an inelastic goods, and the consumer of this is extremely large, if the government want to apply this policy it will be hard and take time.
I agree with the ban on smoking at domestic restaurants for the following reasons. Firstly, in the restaurant is a public place, there will be many people such as children, elected people, elderly people, adolescents, ... Smoking where these people will be dangerous for their health, especially for children and pregnant people, I often read newspapers so many children have serious diseases due to excessive inhalation of cigarette smoke. Second, if you want to smoke, you should go to separate areas for smoking, to avoid polluting the air around the dining area. Thirdly, the restaurant has a place that will be an outdoor space, some places will be a space in a closed room, if it is a space in a closed room, the smoke is really uncomfortable, with a person with a cough like me sometimes want to change the atmosphere of eating and drinking but it is disturbed by such smoke really tired in people. And the last reason the cigarette decay is very polluted, especially the eating place needs to always be clean and hygienic, if you meet people who unconsciously throw the cigarette butts, it will really be very unhygienic. So I think it should be banned from smoking in the restaurant to ensure the common living environment of everyone is comfortable
From my perspective, I strongly believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because of the following reasons. First of all, smoking is not only a harmful activity for the person doing it, but also for the people around them. Some people smoke to satisfy themselves, but this can seriously affect the health of non-smokers. Breathing in smoke can make other people sick, especially children or people who have problems with their lungs. Everyone should be able to eat in a clean and safe place. Secondly, smoking makes the restaurant smell bad. When someone smokes, the smell stays in the air and on the furniture. This can make the food taste worse and make other people feel uncomfortable. If a restaurant smells like smoke, many people will not want to come back. For example, one time I went to a restaurant and the person next to me was smoking. I didn’t enjoy my food because of the smoke, and I left early. I never went back to that restaurant again. Finally, banning smoking helps make restaurants better for everyone. It helps people live healthier lives and shows respect for other customers. In conclusion, smoking should not be allowed in restaurants because of its negative effects. A non-smoking place is better for everyone.
"Smoking in public is a big problem we are facing these days, especially people face more competition and pressure so many of them smoke to reduce stress. Some people think it is normal but I strongly believe smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants.
Firstly, smoking affect health, money, and the people around . In fact, cigarettes are very harmful because they contain toxic chemicals so that they smoke in places like restaurants where people sit nearby can breath in these smoke, which cause a serious condition for health. Banning smoking in restaurants help create a cleaner and more comfortable space for everyone. Especially, families with children, pregnant women and old people can enjoy their meals without feeling annoyed or worried since the air is fresher.
Secondly, banning smoking in restaurants can improve the image of the country. Tourists and visitors will feel that the country is clean, modern and care about their public health. It also build a polite and respectful culture where people think about others not only themselves. This can make them want to come back again or recommend the place to others. 
In conclusion, smoking should not be allowed in any restaurants. It is bad for health and makes others uncomfortable. Moreover, it enhaces the country image and shows that we care about building a modern and respectful society.
"
I strongly agree that smoking should be  completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are a lot of reason for my opinion. First, restaurant is a public place for everyone, so this is not a good place for smoking. I think smoking should be done in private. Second, a lot of people can breathe and inhale these smoking. With my knowdelge, the person who actively smoke doesn’t affect their health than the person unactively being smoked. If someone smokes in a  restaurant, every customer there has to be affected by this moke without control. Children, the old and who is allergic to smoke easily become victims for this. Third, smoking in a public place like restaurant is an impolite action. A person with a cigarette in the mouth will destroy all the delicious and yummy dishes, the smells, anything. Last but not least, ban is a great way to warn and prevent people doing it. If we just limit and warn about smoking in the restaurent, they easily make a blind and continute smoking. I think we should have a strong ban like a lot of money or anything stronger to make sure all the people will do it. In summary, smoking should completely banned at all the restaurants in the country is a great idea for me.
"So far, nearly all restaurants have already prohibited smoking as a positive step to protect the public health. In my opinion, I strongly agree that smoking should be completely disallowed in public places, especially dining areas.
Firstly, smoking in restaurants harms the health of customers and also the staff working their. For instance, it is proved that secondhand smoke can actually lead to serious health issues, such as lung cancer or heart diseases. Non-smoker, including children, pregnant women and the elderly, should not have suffered the smoke.
Secondly, not everyone smokes, so it must be tired for non-smoker to smell the smoke during eating time. For example, the taste would be awfully changed. Banning smoking creates a more human-friendly environment, where people from different ages can comfortably enjoy their meals. Nowadays, many smoke free restaurants attract a significant number of customers, which also brings them profits and reputation. 
In conclusion, smoking in public space should be banned in all restaurants to protect the public health and create a better exprience for customers in restaurants. Allowing smoking in such places not only affects the health of non-smokers but also creates an unpleasant atmosphere for everyone.
"
     I agree with this opinion because nowadays cancer is more popular in young people. Restaurant should also completely banned electric smoking. In some studies, people who absorb the smoke will get cancer more easily than the smoker. At the restaurant usually have children, old man, their resistance very weak. Beside that, the smoke also super uncomfortable. In the restaurant they should make a sign write on it “Do not smoking” and the government really courage that. Some restaurant that have a place for smoking and it really helpful. But some people they saw the sign but still ignore it so the restaurant must punish them. When some throw the cigarette with the fire still on it is very dangerous. But people will realize that they must not smoking when they come in the restaurant where has air condiner is turning on. In summary, smoking affect your health, make you feel depend on it and also wasting money. So all restaurant should banned smoking because it will affect the food they serve, affect the customers who uncomfortable with the smoke, they should have a place for only smoking. Smoking is not bad but smoking in the wrong area is very bad.
