"It is argued that college undergraduates should work part-time before graduation. Despite certain perceived hardships, I believe that the benefits of the students’ employment are more crucial.
Admittedly, those who are against the idea that college students should be in charge of a part-time position might raise several concerns. One of them is the school-work imbalance, meaning that the undergraduates may not properly manage their personal schedules to complete work tasks while responsible for academic performance. These students, as a result, might experience burnout and be at risk of health issues. Another possible drawback is that the part-time job involvement might take a toll on college students’ social interactions with peers and academics at school. Due to the career development priority and professional responsibility, they might be compelled to sacrifice quality time with classmates and lecturers, critical to personal growth and academic excellence.
However, I posit that the aforementioned challenges are far eclipsed by more important merits. To start with, as the contemporary job market tends to prioritize fresh graduates with work experience, working part-time during college life is paramount. For this reason, students, equipped with early career skills and insights, often have more significant advantages compared to others with few work records, potentially gaining a high position in a company’s hierarchy after graduation. Additionally, undergraduates can gradually build financial foundation by working part-time during college. With their own source of income, these students, especially those from low socio-economic backgrounds, can give monetary support to their families and nurture themselves, necessary for personal development.
In conclusion, in spite of relatively valid disadvantages of college students’ participation in part-time lines of work, I argue that these are far outweighed by more essential gains, including increased opportunities for post-college job application and early financial independence."
