                                                     Smoking is the action of inhaling and exhaling by burning chemical substances. Non-smokers can catch health diseases due to exposure to smoke. Since restaurants are public areas, smokers should understand the consequences of their smoking. I strongly agree with this statement for the following reasons.
                              The foremost reason for actioning a complete smoking ban is the critical issue of public health. Secondhand smoke can cause numerous respiratory diseases such as lung cancer, dental and oral problems, skin damage, etc. So, It is a risk for non-smokers, particularly for infants and pregnant women. By banning smoking in all restaurants, we can protect each person from exposure to nicotine, reducing the chances of smoking-related illnesses and creating a safer environment for all.
                                Secondly, applying a comprehensive smoking ban not only protects public health but also enhances the overall dining experience. Smoke-free environments give us fresh air, rather than the intensive odor related to smoking. Customers who don't smoke can fully enjoy their means without breathing secondhand smoke. This leads to increased customer satisfaction and the choice of the customer base. Additionally, a smoke-free dining experience highlights that society is changing.
                               Furthermore, a complete smoking ban can give economic advantages to restaurants. Research has shown that smoke-free places are preferred by a majority of customers, including non-smokers and families. By implementing a smoking ban, Restaurants can attract a larger number of consumers. Additionally, fire problems associated with smoking can lead to lower operational costs.
                               Overall, banning smoking at all restaurants in the country is a necessary step for restaurant owners. In all restaurants, restricting smoking is essential for advancing public health, respecting the rights of non-smokers, and enhancing the dining experience. By prioritizing public health, we can lead to a healthy society.
                                
