  Jobs are for all kinds of ages. Money,reputation,experiences are what we are looking for in a job.When you are in your teenage period of life,it's not easy to get a high-salary full-time job but a modest-paid part-time job.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Firstly,as a university student, there are a lot of places where I need to use my fortune.But unfortunately,my allowance from my parents is limited since both of them have some kind of financial difficulties. My parents have been separated since I was just 6 years old. From the moment my mother grabbed my hands and got out of his house, she has been looking after me alone.Though my father did provide for me when I went to university, he still has my brother to support. So, I could say the provider of most of my fees is my mother. To live in this kind of situation and society, a great fortune is necessarily needed. Since the costs of living these days have sky-rocketed, I think the allowance we get from ours parents isn't enough when everything costs an arms and a leg unless we have a proper part-time job and get a chance to have extra money.Secondly,the work-life experiences we will attain from that part-time job is a once-in-a-blue-moon chance to learn about how the world actually works and how to leave our childish-teenager behavior behind and  become mature.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            To conclude,I agree with the topic because I think it's really important for college students to have a part-time job and even more for those students having financial problems. Since life is all about work,  it's pretty good to start working at your young age. 
