"Certainly, I agree with this statement because restaurant is the place where we go to have variety of cuisine. People go there to enjoy food and satisfy their hunger. Smoking in public places should be strictly prohibited because it not only hampers the active smokers rather it also affects the passive smokers too. Like customers and restaurants employees, etc. 
    In the context of Nepal, Nepal government discourages people to smoke in public places to maintain healthier environment. Moreover, about 90% of cigarette packets are designed by illustrating the picture of people suffered from mouth, tongue and oral cancer to make people alert about the diseases caused due to the consumption of cigarette so that, they would limit its consumption. Millions of people have lost their lives due to addiction of smoking. They are suffering from chronic diseases such as asthma, stroke and cancer.
   Mostly restaurants have become secret place for young generation to smoke privately which is not allowed publically in Nepal. Ill habits could also be cultivated for the purchase of cigar items. Youths who visit restaurants are addicted towards smoking. They are wasting their precious time involving themselves in smoking which is regarded as evil in Nepali society. People are fascinated to go to restaurants and get involved in smoking which ultimately kills their productive time, health and also resulting to the loss of wealth. For the sake of show off, adventurous purpose, imitation and as a fashion people consume it. 
     Nevertheless, smoking is injurious to our health. We should always say big 'NO' to smoking in restaurants and other public places to save our lives. Restaurants which are free from smoking can enhance smoke free atmosphere and maintain our respiratory health and everyone can enjoy their meal without harmful chemicals and toxic air.
   In conclusion, restaurants should focus on serving healthy, delicious recipe to allure the customers rather than permitting to smoke cigarette. 
