 
The issue of smoking in restaurants has been a subject of controversy for years. On one hand, smokers argue that they have the right to smoke wherever they please, while non-smokers insist on having a smoke-free environment. Personality, I believe that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country.
Firstly, second-hand smoke poses a serious health hazard to non-smokers who are forced to inhale it when dining with their families or friends in public places like restaurants. According to research by the World Health Organization (WHO), exposure to secondhand smoke increases the risk of lung cancer and cardiovascular diseases among non-smokers (WHO, 2010). Moreover, even outdoor designated smoking areas can expose diners and restaurant staff to dangerous levels of pollutants due to poor ventilation systems.
Secondly, banning smoking at all restaurants would create an equal platform for both smokers and non-smokers alike; no one would feel excluded from dining out because of their personal preference regarding tobacco use. It is important that everyone's comfort is considered so as not exclude anyone based on their lifestyle choices.
Opponents may argue that banning smoking will hurt business owners by deterring customers who smoke from visiting restaurants where they cannot indulge themselves during mealtime. However, studies have shown that there was no significant decrease in business following implementation of similar laws elsewhere (Chaloupka & Warner, 2000). When considering health risks posed by second-hand smoke as well as indoor air pollution caused by cigarette use more broadly speaking - implementing full bans seems perfectly justified.
In conclusion, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants across the country due to its negative effects on public health and social inclusion principles being preserved for all clients regardless their lifestyle choices. While there might be some opposition to such a change, the weight of evidence in favour of the ban is compelling and necessary for public.
 
